1	0	General microphone troubleshooting	0	Not connected properly .  Verify that the microphone is correctly connected to the computer. The microphone must usually be connected to the back of the computer into the microphone jack. The below illustration is an example of what to look for.	1	Issues with microphone .  If the microphone is correctly connected to the back of the computer, ensure that you have a working Microphone. Some older microphones may require a battery; if you have such a microphone, verify that it has a working battery. If you do not have such a microphone or the battery is a known good battery, verify that the microphone works on another device such as a stereo.
0	0	General microphone troubleshooting	1	Issues with microphone .  If the microphone is correctly connected to the back of the computer, ensure that you have a working Microphone. Some older microphones may require a battery; if you have such a microphone, verify that it has a working battery. If you do not have such a microphone or the battery is a known good battery, verify that the microphone works on another device such as a stereo.	0	Not connected properly .  Verify that the microphone is correctly connected to the computer. The microphone must usually be connected to the back of the computer into the microphone jack. The below illustration is an example of what to look for.
1	0	General microphone troubleshooting	0	Not connected properly .  Verify that the microphone is correctly connected to the computer. The microphone must usually be connected to the back of the computer into the microphone jack. The below illustration is an example of what to look for.	2	Sound drivers not setup properly .  If the Microphone is correctly connected to the back of the computer and no issues have been found to be physically wrong with the microphone, verify that the sound card is properly setup in your operating system. Windows 95/98/ME Microphone troubleshooting.
0	0	General microphone troubleshooting	2	Sound drivers not setup properly .  If the Microphone is correctly connected to the back of the computer and no issues have been found to be physically wrong with the microphone, verify that the sound card is properly setup in your operating system. Windows 95/98/ME Microphone troubleshooting.	0	Not connected properly .  Verify that the microphone is correctly connected to the computer. The microphone must usually be connected to the back of the computer into the microphone jack. The below illustration is an example of what to look for.
1	0	General microphone troubleshooting	1	Issues with microphone .  If the microphone is correctly connected to the back of the computer, ensure that you have a working Microphone. Some older microphones may require a battery; if you have such a microphone, verify that it has a working battery. If you do not have such a microphone or the battery is a known good battery, verify that the microphone works on another device such as a stereo.	2	Sound drivers not setup properly .  If the Microphone is correctly connected to the back of the computer and no issues have been found to be physically wrong with the microphone, verify that the sound card is properly setup in your operating system. Windows 95/98/ME Microphone troubleshooting.
0	0	General microphone troubleshooting	2	Sound drivers not setup properly .  If the Microphone is correctly connected to the back of the computer and no issues have been found to be physically wrong with the microphone, verify that the sound card is properly setup in your operating system. Windows 95/98/ME Microphone troubleshooting.	1	Issues with microphone .  If the microphone is correctly connected to the back of the computer, ensure that you have a working Microphone. Some older microphones may require a battery; if you have such a microphone, verify that it has a working battery. If you do not have such a microphone or the battery is a known good battery, verify that the microphone works on another device such as a stereo.
1	5	I have problems in Windows after installing new software	0	Reinstall or uninstall the program .  If you're encountering problems with your computer or other programs after installing new software on your computer, uninstall the program and see if the issues persist. Uninstalling Windows software. After the program has been uninstalled try installing the program again. How to install a software program. Note: If after installing a program you're unable to boot into Windows, try booting into Safe Mode .	1	Check for software program updates or new versions .  If you continue to experience issues verify that the program, game, or utility you're installing doesn't have any updates by visiting the developer of the program website . If you're installing a software program or drivers for a hardware device such as a printer. Get the latest software and drivers from the manufacturer instead of using the included software. A listing of links to drivers can be found on our drivers page .
0	5	I have problems in Windows after installing new software	1	Check for software program updates or new versions .  If you continue to experience issues verify that the program, game, or utility you're installing doesn't have any updates by visiting the developer of the program website . If you're installing a software program or drivers for a hardware device such as a printer. Get the latest software and drivers from the manufacturer instead of using the included software. A listing of links to drivers can be found on our drivers page .	0	Reinstall or uninstall the program .  If you're encountering problems with your computer or other programs after installing new software on your computer, uninstall the program and see if the issues persist. Uninstalling Windows software. After the program has been uninstalled try installing the program again. How to install a software program. Note: If after installing a program you're unable to boot into Windows, try booting into Safe Mode .
1	12	How do I fix the Windows blue screen errors?	0	Blue screen errors .  Windows NT, 2000, XP, Vista, and later versions of Windows will have a blue screen error that's similar to the example shown below. These error messages often contain more detailed information, and will contain information that can be searched for and found. If you're not getting a blue screen error that looks like the below skip to the next Fatal exception section. Once you have the above information you can start troubleshooting the issue. Below are common blue screen errors and links to pages that contain the troubleshooting steps for each of these errors. If your error is not listed in the below section search for the error you wrote down.	1	Fatal exceptions .  Many of the blue screen error messages you'll encounter with earlier versions of Windows will be fatal exception error messages or Fatal 0E messages. If your blue screen message starts out with A fatal exception 0E ... or An exception ... you're encountering this error. For these blue screen errors follow the fatal exception error troubleshooting steps .
0	12	How do I fix the Windows blue screen errors?	1	Fatal exceptions .  Many of the blue screen error messages you'll encounter with earlier versions of Windows will be fatal exception error messages or Fatal 0E messages. If your blue screen message starts out with A fatal exception 0E ... or An exception ... you're encountering this error. For these blue screen errors follow the fatal exception error troubleshooting steps .	0	Blue screen errors .  Windows NT, 2000, XP, Vista, and later versions of Windows will have a blue screen error that's similar to the example shown below. These error messages often contain more detailed information, and will contain information that can be searched for and found. If you're not getting a blue screen error that looks like the below skip to the next Fatal exception section. Once you have the above information you can start troubleshooting the issue. Below are common blue screen errors and links to pages that contain the troubleshooting steps for each of these errors. If your error is not listed in the below section search for the error you wrote down.
1	18	Regaining computer hard drive space	0	Microsoft Windows 98, ME, 2000, XP, Vista and 7 users .  Run the Disk Cleanup option .  Open My Computer . Right-click on the hard drive that you wish to regain hard drive space. For example, right-click on the C: drive. Click Properties. Within the General tab , click the "Disk Cleanup" button located next to the pie chart . Windows will scan the computer for all files available to clean up. Once in the Disk Cleanup window check each of the boxes (except "compress old files") that are taking disk space and click Ok and then Yes if you wish to proceed. Compress? When performing a Disk Cleanup you'll have an option to compress your hard drive. We strongly recommend users do not compress their hard drive or compress their old files. Uninstall old programs or games no longer used .  Uninstalling Windows software. Disable System Restore .  Windows XP, Vista, and 7 users can also decrease the default space utilized by Windows System Restore and often gain several additional gigabytes of hard drive space. See the below steps in customizing this feature. Click Start, Programs, Accessories, System Tools, and open System Restore . Within the System Restore window, click System Restore Settings . Within the System Restore tab you can either check the Turn off System Restore on all drives to completely disable this feature, or click the Settings button and decrease the space usage, which is what we would recommend. Additional suggestion for Windows 2000 and Windows XP users: Window 2000 and Windows XP keeps all the necessary files needed to uninstall any of the updates ever installed on your computer. Often this is several dozen updates that can take up several hundred and sometimes over 1 gig of space on your hard drive. What are the $NtUninstallKBxxxxxx$ folders in Windows? Disable hibernation .  If you turn your computer off instead of using hibernation mode you can disable this feature to free up a lot of disk space. How do I disable hibernation mode in Windows?	1	Microsoft Windows 95 users .  Users can regain computer hard drive space by performing any or all of the below steps. Clean up temporary files .  Click Start and then Search or Find .  In the "File type" text field type: *.tmp and verify the computer is looking at the C: drive or the drive that contains your operating system. Search for files and delete each of the temporary files that are found. Delete chk files .  Perform the same steps as number one except search for *.chk and delete any of the files that are found. Uninstall old programs or games no longer used .  Uninstalling Windows software.
0	18	Regaining computer hard drive space	1	Microsoft Windows 95 users .  Users can regain computer hard drive space by performing any or all of the below steps. Clean up temporary files .  Click Start and then Search or Find .  In the "File type" text field type: *.tmp and verify the computer is looking at the C: drive or the drive that contains your operating system. Search for files and delete each of the temporary files that are found. Delete chk files .  Perform the same steps as number one except search for *.chk and delete any of the files that are found. Uninstall old programs or games no longer used .  Uninstalling Windows software.	0	Microsoft Windows 98, ME, 2000, XP, Vista and 7 users .  Run the Disk Cleanup option .  Open My Computer . Right-click on the hard drive that you wish to regain hard drive space. For example, right-click on the C: drive. Click Properties. Within the General tab , click the "Disk Cleanup" button located next to the pie chart . Windows will scan the computer for all files available to clean up. Once in the Disk Cleanup window check each of the boxes (except "compress old files") that are taking disk space and click Ok and then Yes if you wish to proceed. Compress? When performing a Disk Cleanup you'll have an option to compress your hard drive. We strongly recommend users do not compress their hard drive or compress their old files. Uninstall old programs or games no longer used .  Uninstalling Windows software. Disable System Restore .  Windows XP, Vista, and 7 users can also decrease the default space utilized by Windows System Restore and often gain several additional gigabytes of hard drive space. See the below steps in customizing this feature. Click Start, Programs, Accessories, System Tools, and open System Restore . Within the System Restore window, click System Restore Settings . Within the System Restore tab you can either check the Turn off System Restore on all drives to completely disable this feature, or click the Settings button and decrease the space usage, which is what we would recommend. Additional suggestion for Windows 2000 and Windows XP users: Window 2000 and Windows XP keeps all the necessary files needed to uninstall any of the updates ever installed on your computer. Often this is several dozen updates that can take up several hundred and sometimes over 1 gig of space on your hard drive. What are the $NtUninstallKBxxxxxx$ folders in Windows? Disable hibernation .  If you turn your computer off instead of using hibernation mode you can disable this feature to free up a lot of disk space. How do I disable hibernation mode in Windows?
1	18	Regaining computer hard drive space	0	Microsoft Windows 98, ME, 2000, XP, Vista and 7 users .  Run the Disk Cleanup option .  Open My Computer . Right-click on the hard drive that you wish to regain hard drive space. For example, right-click on the C: drive. Click Properties. Within the General tab , click the "Disk Cleanup" button located next to the pie chart . Windows will scan the computer for all files available to clean up. Once in the Disk Cleanup window check each of the boxes (except "compress old files") that are taking disk space and click Ok and then Yes if you wish to proceed. Compress? When performing a Disk Cleanup you'll have an option to compress your hard drive. We strongly recommend users do not compress their hard drive or compress their old files. Uninstall old programs or games no longer used .  Uninstalling Windows software. Disable System Restore .  Windows XP, Vista, and 7 users can also decrease the default space utilized by Windows System Restore and often gain several additional gigabytes of hard drive space. See the below steps in customizing this feature. Click Start, Programs, Accessories, System Tools, and open System Restore . Within the System Restore window, click System Restore Settings . Within the System Restore tab you can either check the Turn off System Restore on all drives to completely disable this feature, or click the Settings button and decrease the space usage, which is what we would recommend. Additional suggestion for Windows 2000 and Windows XP users: Window 2000 and Windows XP keeps all the necessary files needed to uninstall any of the updates ever installed on your computer. Often this is several dozen updates that can take up several hundred and sometimes over 1 gig of space on your hard drive. What are the $NtUninstallKBxxxxxx$ folders in Windows? Disable hibernation .  If you turn your computer off instead of using hibernation mode you can disable this feature to free up a lot of disk space. How do I disable hibernation mode in Windows?	2	MS-DOS and Windows 3.x users .  Users can regain computer hard drive space by performing any or all of the below steps. From the MS-DOS prompt, type del *.tmp /s and del *.chk /s . This command will delete any temporary files or scandisk error files on the hard drive. Delete any software programs or games you are no longer using from MS-DOS or from Windows. See the del command and deltree command pages for further information about each of these commands.
0	18	Regaining computer hard drive space	2	MS-DOS and Windows 3.x users .  Users can regain computer hard drive space by performing any or all of the below steps. From the MS-DOS prompt, type del *.tmp /s and del *.chk /s . This command will delete any temporary files or scandisk error files on the hard drive. Delete any software programs or games you are no longer using from MS-DOS or from Windows. See the del command and deltree command pages for further information about each of these commands.	0	Microsoft Windows 98, ME, 2000, XP, Vista and 7 users .  Run the Disk Cleanup option .  Open My Computer . Right-click on the hard drive that you wish to regain hard drive space. For example, right-click on the C: drive. Click Properties. Within the General tab , click the "Disk Cleanup" button located next to the pie chart . Windows will scan the computer for all files available to clean up. Once in the Disk Cleanup window check each of the boxes (except "compress old files") that are taking disk space and click Ok and then Yes if you wish to proceed. Compress? When performing a Disk Cleanup you'll have an option to compress your hard drive. We strongly recommend users do not compress their hard drive or compress their old files. Uninstall old programs or games no longer used .  Uninstalling Windows software. Disable System Restore .  Windows XP, Vista, and 7 users can also decrease the default space utilized by Windows System Restore and often gain several additional gigabytes of hard drive space. See the below steps in customizing this feature. Click Start, Programs, Accessories, System Tools, and open System Restore . Within the System Restore window, click System Restore Settings . Within the System Restore tab you can either check the Turn off System Restore on all drives to completely disable this feature, or click the Settings button and decrease the space usage, which is what we would recommend. Additional suggestion for Windows 2000 and Windows XP users: Window 2000 and Windows XP keeps all the necessary files needed to uninstall any of the updates ever installed on your computer. Often this is several dozen updates that can take up several hundred and sometimes over 1 gig of space on your hard drive. What are the $NtUninstallKBxxxxxx$ folders in Windows? Disable hibernation .  If you turn your computer off instead of using hibernation mode you can disable this feature to free up a lot of disk space. How do I disable hibernation mode in Windows?
1	18	Regaining computer hard drive space	1	Microsoft Windows 95 users .  Users can regain computer hard drive space by performing any or all of the below steps. Clean up temporary files .  Click Start and then Search or Find .  In the "File type" text field type: *.tmp and verify the computer is looking at the C: drive or the drive that contains your operating system. Search for files and delete each of the temporary files that are found. Delete chk files .  Perform the same steps as number one except search for *.chk and delete any of the files that are found. Uninstall old programs or games no longer used .  Uninstalling Windows software.	2	MS-DOS and Windows 3.x users .  Users can regain computer hard drive space by performing any or all of the below steps. From the MS-DOS prompt, type del *.tmp /s and del *.chk /s . This command will delete any temporary files or scandisk error files on the hard drive. Delete any software programs or games you are no longer using from MS-DOS or from Windows. See the del command and deltree command pages for further information about each of these commands.
0	18	Regaining computer hard drive space	2	MS-DOS and Windows 3.x users .  Users can regain computer hard drive space by performing any or all of the below steps. From the MS-DOS prompt, type del *.tmp /s and del *.chk /s . This command will delete any temporary files or scandisk error files on the hard drive. Delete any software programs or games you are no longer using from MS-DOS or from Windows. See the del command and deltree command pages for further information about each of these commands.	1	Microsoft Windows 95 users .  Users can regain computer hard drive space by performing any or all of the below steps. Clean up temporary files .  Click Start and then Search or Find .  In the "File type" text field type: *.tmp and verify the computer is looking at the C: drive or the drive that contains your operating system. Search for files and delete each of the temporary files that are found. Delete chk files .  Perform the same steps as number one except search for *.chk and delete any of the files that are found. Uninstall old programs or games no longer used .  Uninstalling Windows software.
1	29	Error during install (Game)	0	Verify your computer meets the requirements of the game. For example, if your computer runs out of disk space during the installation, this would cause an error during the installation.	1	Verify the CD is clean and contains no significant scratches. Information about how to clean a CD and a CD-ROM can be found on our cleaning page.
0	29	Error during install (Game)	1	Verify the CD is clean and contains no significant scratches. Information about how to clean a CD and a CD-ROM can be found on our cleaning page.	0	Verify your computer meets the requirements of the game. For example, if your computer runs out of disk space during the installation, this would cause an error during the installation.
1	29	Error during install (Game)	0	Verify your computer meets the requirements of the game. For example, if your computer runs out of disk space during the installation, this would cause an error during the installation.	2	Other programs running in the background can cause issues with the program install. Make sure all programs and TSRs are closed; additional information about closing all programs can be found on document CHTSR. If you still continue to run into issues, try installing the program from Safe Mode.
0	29	Error during install (Game)	2	Other programs running in the background can cause issues with the program install. Make sure all programs and TSRs are closed; additional information about closing all programs can be found on document CHTSR. If you still continue to run into issues, try installing the program from Safe Mode.	0	Verify your computer meets the requirements of the game. For example, if your computer runs out of disk space during the installation, this would cause an error during the installation.
1	29	Error during install (Game)	1	Verify the CD is clean and contains no significant scratches. Information about how to clean a CD and a CD-ROM can be found on our cleaning page.	2	Other programs running in the background can cause issues with the program install. Make sure all programs and TSRs are closed; additional information about closing all programs can be found on document CHTSR. If you still continue to run into issues, try installing the program from Safe Mode.
0	29	Error during install (Game)	2	Other programs running in the background can cause issues with the program install. Make sure all programs and TSRs are closed; additional information about closing all programs can be found on document CHTSR. If you still continue to run into issues, try installing the program from Safe Mode.	1	Verify the CD is clean and contains no significant scratches. Information about how to clean a CD and a CD-ROM can be found on our cleaning page.
1	32	Problems with video (Game)	0	Verify you have the latest video drivers for your video card. A listing of video drivers can be found on our video card drivers page.	1	If the game utilizes Microsoft DirectX it is possible you may have an issue with DirectX that was caused during the installation of another game or program. Make sure you have the latest version of DirectX installed on the computer. Additional information about DirectX can be found on our DirectX page.
0	32	Problems with video (Game)	1	If the game utilizes Microsoft DirectX it is possible you may have an issue with DirectX that was caused during the installation of another game or program. Make sure you have the latest version of DirectX installed on the computer. Additional information about DirectX can be found on our DirectX page.	0	Verify you have the latest video drivers for your video card. A listing of video drivers can be found on our video card drivers page.
1	33	Problems with sound (Game)	0	Verify you have the latest sound drivers for your sound card. A listing of sound drivers can be found on our sound card drivers page.	1	See document CH000201 for additional information about games and sound related issues.
0	33	Problems with sound (Game)	1	See document CH000201 for additional information about games and sound related issues.	0	Verify you have the latest sound drivers for your sound card. A listing of sound drivers can be found on our sound card drivers page.
1	34	Problems connecting to an online game server	0	Verify no patches or updates are available from the developer of the game. Many times to connect to a game, you must be running the same version as the server. See the game developer page for a listing of links to game company pages. Many times the game developer will list the available drivers. If you are not sure who the developer of a game is, use a popular search engine and search for drivers for your game. In most cases a game will start out as version 1.0.	1	Some games require additional software to be installed before they can connect to online servers. For example, many games require GameSpy. If your game requires these programs, verify they are installed on your computer.
0	34	Problems connecting to an online game server	1	Some games require additional software to be installed before they can connect to online servers. For example, many games require GameSpy. If your game requires these programs, verify they are installed on your computer.	0	Verify no patches or updates are available from the developer of the game. Many times to connect to a game, you must be running the same version as the server. See the game developer page for a listing of links to game company pages. Many times the game developer will list the available drivers. If you are not sure who the developer of a game is, use a popular search engine and search for drivers for your game. In most cases a game will start out as version 1.0.
1	34	Problems connecting to an online game server	0	Verify no patches or updates are available from the developer of the game. Many times to connect to a game, you must be running the same version as the server. See the game developer page for a listing of links to game company pages. Many times the game developer will list the available drivers. If you are not sure who the developer of a game is, use a popular search engine and search for drivers for your game. In most cases a game will start out as version 1.0.	2	Wait an hour or so and try connecting to the server again. Many times a server may crash because of a problem, or go down for an update. Of course, when this occurs it is more than likely you will not be able to connect or view servers.
0	34	Problems connecting to an online game server	2	Wait an hour or so and try connecting to the server again. Many times a server may crash because of a problem, or go down for an update. Of course, when this occurs it is more than likely you will not be able to connect or view servers.	0	Verify no patches or updates are available from the developer of the game. Many times to connect to a game, you must be running the same version as the server. See the game developer page for a listing of links to game company pages. Many times the game developer will list the available drivers. If you are not sure who the developer of a game is, use a popular search engine and search for drivers for your game. In most cases a game will start out as version 1.0.
1	34	Problems connecting to an online game server	1	Some games require additional software to be installed before they can connect to online servers. For example, many games require GameSpy. If your game requires these programs, verify they are installed on your computer.	2	Wait an hour or so and try connecting to the server again. Many times a server may crash because of a problem, or go down for an update. Of course, when this occurs it is more than likely you will not be able to connect or view servers.
0	34	Problems connecting to an online game server	2	Wait an hour or so and try connecting to the server again. Many times a server may crash because of a problem, or go down for an update. Of course, when this occurs it is more than likely you will not be able to connect or view servers.	1	Some games require additional software to be installed before they can connect to online servers. For example, many games require GameSpy. If your game requires these programs, verify they are installed on your computer.
1	37	Error during installation (software)	0	Verify your computer meets the requirements of the program or utility. For example, if your computer runs out of disk space during the installation, this would cause an error during the installation.	1	If you are running Microsoft Windows 95 or higher try installing the program from Safe Mode.
0	37	Error during installation (software)	1	If you are running Microsoft Windows 95 or higher try installing the program from Safe Mode.	0	Verify your computer meets the requirements of the program or utility. For example, if your computer runs out of disk space during the installation, this would cause an error during the installation.
1	37	Error during installation (software)	0	Verify your computer meets the requirements of the program or utility. For example, if your computer runs out of disk space during the installation, this would cause an error during the installation.	2	Verify the CD is clean and contains no significant scratches. Information about how to clean a CD and a CD-ROM can be found on our cleaning page.
0	37	Error during installation (software)	2	Verify the CD is clean and contains no significant scratches. Information about how to clean a CD and a CD-ROM can be found on our cleaning page.	0	Verify your computer meets the requirements of the program or utility. For example, if your computer runs out of disk space during the installation, this would cause an error during the installation.
1	37	Error during installation (software)	1	If you are running Microsoft Windows 95 or higher try installing the program from Safe Mode.	2	Verify the CD is clean and contains no significant scratches. Information about how to clean a CD and a CD-ROM can be found on our cleaning page.
0	37	Error during installation (software)	2	Verify the CD is clean and contains no significant scratches. Information about how to clean a CD and a CD-ROM can be found on our cleaning page.	1	If you are running Microsoft Windows 95 or higher try installing the program from Safe Mode.
1	39	Error messages encountered during boot (MS-DOS)	0	Ensure that your computer BIOS settings are correctly configured to the hardware that is installed in your computer. Improper settings in the BIOS may cause various errors when first booting an IBM compatible computer. These errors often occur as the computer is first booting and may stop the load process of the computer.	1	Errors that are encountered during boot are commonly due to a misconfiguration with your autoexec.bat or config.sys. We recommend that you edit your autoexec.bat and config.sys and look for any abnormalities. Additional information and help with the autoexec.bat and config.sys can be found on our autoexec.bat and config.sys page.
0	39	Error messages encountered during boot (MS-DOS)	1	Errors that are encountered during boot are commonly due to a misconfiguration with your autoexec.bat or config.sys. We recommend that you edit your autoexec.bat and config.sys and look for any abnormalities. Additional information and help with the autoexec.bat and config.sys can be found on our autoexec.bat and config.sys page.	0	Ensure that your computer BIOS settings are correctly configured to the hardware that is installed in your computer. Improper settings in the BIOS may cause various errors when first booting an IBM compatible computer. These errors often occur as the computer is first booting and may stop the load process of the computer.
1	41	Error messages encountered during boot before Windows loads (Windows 3.x)	0	Ensure that your computer BIOS settings are correctly configured to the hardware that is installed in your computer. Improper settings in the BIOS may cause various errors when first booting an IBM compatible computer. These errors often occur as the computer is first booting and may stop the load process of the computer.	1	Errors that are encountered during boot are commonly due to a misconfiguration with your autoexec.bat or config.sys. We recommend that you edit your autoexec.bat and config.sys and look for any abnormalities. Additional information and help with the autoexec.bat and config.sys can be found on our autoexec.bat and config.sys page.
0	41	Error messages encountered during boot before Windows loads (Windows 3.x)	1	Errors that are encountered during boot are commonly due to a misconfiguration with your autoexec.bat or config.sys. We recommend that you edit your autoexec.bat and config.sys and look for any abnormalities. Additional information and help with the autoexec.bat and config.sys can be found on our autoexec.bat and config.sys page.	0	Ensure that your computer BIOS settings are correctly configured to the hardware that is installed in your computer. Improper settings in the BIOS may cause various errors when first booting an IBM compatible computer. These errors often occur as the computer is first booting and may stop the load process of the computer.
1	42	Error messages while Windows is loading (Windows 3.x)	0	Exit to a MS-DOS prompt. At the MS-DOS prompt, type: cd\windows and press enter. from the C:\Windows> prompt, type dir system.* and dir win.* this will enable to you see if any backups of the system.ini or win.ini are available, and if so, what they are named. You should be looking for a system and win file that end with either ---, bac, or bak. If this file is present then continue with the remainder of the steps. Unfortunately, if this file is not found, you will be unable to proceed with this recommendation. If you were able to locate a backup file, type ren system.ini system.ch and ren win.ini win.ch to rename the current system.ini and win.ini files. Finally, type copy system.??? system.ini and copy win.??? win.ini where ??? is the name of the backup extension you were able to locate.	1	If your computer has a virus protection program installed, make sure it is up to date and that no viruses are being detected. If your computer does not have a virus protection program, you may wish to consider installing a program to make sure no viruses are causing your problems. Information about updating your antivirus program can be found on document CH000533 and information about what antivirus programs are available can be found on document CH000514.
0	42	Error messages while Windows is loading (Windows 3.x)	1	If your computer has a virus protection program installed, make sure it is up to date and that no viruses are being detected. If your computer does not have a virus protection program, you may wish to consider installing a program to make sure no viruses are causing your problems. Information about updating your antivirus program can be found on document CH000533 and information about what antivirus programs are available can be found on document CH000514.	0	Exit to a MS-DOS prompt. At the MS-DOS prompt, type: cd\windows and press enter. from the C:\Windows> prompt, type dir system.* and dir win.* this will enable to you see if any backups of the system.ini or win.ini are available, and if so, what they are named. You should be looking for a system and win file that end with either ---, bac, or bak. If this file is present then continue with the remainder of the steps. Unfortunately, if this file is not found, you will be unable to proceed with this recommendation. If you were able to locate a backup file, type ren system.ini system.ch and ren win.ini win.ch to rename the current system.ini and win.ini files. Finally, type copy system.??? system.ini and copy win.??? win.ini where ??? is the name of the backup extension you were able to locate.
1	44	Error messages encountered during boot before Windows loads (Windows 95)	0	Ensure that your computer BIOS settings are correctly configured to the hardware that is installed in your computer. Improper settings in the BIOS may cause various errors when first booting an IBM compatible computer. These errors often occur as the computer is first booting and may stop the load process of the computer.	1	Like previous versions of Microsoft operating systems, Windows 95 still utilizes the autoexec.bat and config.sys for backwards compatibility. Errors that occur before Windows loads are often caused by a misconfiguration in the autoexec.bat and config.sys.
0	44	Error messages encountered during boot before Windows loads (Windows 95)	1	Like previous versions of Microsoft operating systems, Windows 95 still utilizes the autoexec.bat and config.sys for backwards compatibility. Errors that occur before Windows loads are often caused by a misconfiguration in the autoexec.bat and config.sys.	0	Ensure that your computer BIOS settings are correctly configured to the hardware that is installed in your computer. Improper settings in the BIOS may cause various errors when first booting an IBM compatible computer. These errors often occur as the computer is first booting and may stop the load process of the computer.
1	45	Other error messages that occur while Windows is loading or after Windows is loaded (Windows 95)	0	If errors occur but Microsoft Windows still loads, verify no issues or conflicts exist in Device Manager. If errors are found, read through our Device Manager page for steps on resolving issues.	1	Ensure that if programs are loading automatically, the errors are not associated with these programs. Many times utilities such as virus programs may load when Windows first starts and cause errors to occur. If you believe that your startup errors are associated with another program, refer to our basic software troubleshooting.
0	45	Other error messages that occur while Windows is loading or after Windows is loaded (Windows 95)	1	Ensure that if programs are loading automatically, the errors are not associated with these programs. Many times utilities such as virus programs may load when Windows first starts and cause errors to occur. If you believe that your startup errors are associated with another program, refer to our basic software troubleshooting.	0	If errors occur but Microsoft Windows still loads, verify no issues or conflicts exist in Device Manager. If errors are found, read through our Device Manager page for steps on resolving issues.
1	45	Other error messages that occur while Windows is loading or after Windows is loaded (Windows 95)	0	If errors occur but Microsoft Windows still loads, verify no issues or conflicts exist in Device Manager. If errors are found, read through our Device Manager page for steps on resolving issues.	2	If your computer has a virus protection program installed, make sure it is up to date and that no viruses are being detected. If your computer does not have a virus protection program, you may wish to consider installing a program to make sure no viruses are causing your problems. Information about updating your antivirus program can be found on document CH000533 and information about what antivirus programs are available can be found on document CH000514.
0	45	Other error messages that occur while Windows is loading or after Windows is loaded (Windows 95)	2	If your computer has a virus protection program installed, make sure it is up to date and that no viruses are being detected. If your computer does not have a virus protection program, you may wish to consider installing a program to make sure no viruses are causing your problems. Information about updating your antivirus program can be found on document CH000533 and information about what antivirus programs are available can be found on document CH000514.	0	If errors occur but Microsoft Windows still loads, verify no issues or conflicts exist in Device Manager. If errors are found, read through our Device Manager page for steps on resolving issues.
1	45	Other error messages that occur while Windows is loading or after Windows is loaded (Windows 95)	1	Ensure that if programs are loading automatically, the errors are not associated with these programs. Many times utilities such as virus programs may load when Windows first starts and cause errors to occur. If you believe that your startup errors are associated with another program, refer to our basic software troubleshooting.	2	If your computer has a virus protection program installed, make sure it is up to date and that no viruses are being detected. If your computer does not have a virus protection program, you may wish to consider installing a program to make sure no viruses are causing your problems. Information about updating your antivirus program can be found on document CH000533 and information about what antivirus programs are available can be found on document CH000514.
0	45	Other error messages that occur while Windows is loading or after Windows is loaded (Windows 95)	2	If your computer has a virus protection program installed, make sure it is up to date and that no viruses are being detected. If your computer does not have a virus protection program, you may wish to consider installing a program to make sure no viruses are causing your problems. Information about updating your antivirus program can be found on document CH000533 and information about what antivirus programs are available can be found on document CH000514.	1	Ensure that if programs are loading automatically, the errors are not associated with these programs. Many times utilities such as virus programs may load when Windows first starts and cause errors to occur. If you believe that your startup errors are associated with another program, refer to our basic software troubleshooting.
1	47	Error messages while Windows is loading (Windows 98)	0	If you are unable to get into Windows, and believe that removing or uninstalling a program or changing a setting may help enable you to get into Windows, boot the computer into Windows 98 Safe Mode.	1	If you were unable to resolve your issue through Safe Mode, restore the registry using scanreg. Additional information about how to backup and restore the registry using the scanreg utility can be found on our registry page.
0	47	Error messages while Windows is loading (Windows 98)	1	If you were unable to resolve your issue through Safe Mode, restore the registry using scanreg. Additional information about how to backup and restore the registry using the scanreg utility can be found on our registry page.	0	If you are unable to get into Windows, and believe that removing or uninstalling a program or changing a setting may help enable you to get into Windows, boot the computer into Windows 98 Safe Mode.
1	50	Error messages while Windows is loading (Windows ME)	0	If you are unable to get into Windows, and believe that removing or uninstalling a program or changing a setting may help enable you to get into Windows, boot the computer into Windows ME Safe Mode.	1	If you were unable to resolve your issue through Safe Mode, restore the registry using scanreg. Additional information about how to backup and restore the registry using the scanreg utility can be found on our registry page.
0	50	Error messages while Windows is loading (Windows ME)	1	If you were unable to resolve your issue through Safe Mode, restore the registry using scanreg. Additional information about how to backup and restore the registry using the scanreg utility can be found on our registry page.	0	If you are unable to get into Windows, and believe that removing or uninstalling a program or changing a setting may help enable you to get into Windows, boot the computer into Windows ME Safe Mode.
1	53	Error messages while Windows is loading (Windows NT 4.0)	0	Ensure that your computer is up to date with all the latest service packs and patches available from Microsoft.	1	If you are unable to get into Windows, check the Event Viewer to verify if any errors occurred while windows is loading. To check the event viewer, click Start, Programs, Admin Tools, and click Event Viewer.
0	53	Error messages while Windows is loading (Windows NT 4.0)	1	If you are unable to get into Windows, check the Event Viewer to verify if any errors occurred while windows is loading. To check the event viewer, click Start, Programs, Admin Tools, and click Event Viewer.	0	Ensure that your computer is up to date with all the latest service packs and patches available from Microsoft.
1	53	Error messages while Windows is loading (Windows NT 4.0)	0	Ensure that your computer is up to date with all the latest service packs and patches available from Microsoft.	2	If your computer has a virus protection program installed, make sure it is up to date and that no viruses are being detected. If your computer does not have a virus protection program, you may wish to consider installing a program to make sure no viruses are causing your problems.
0	53	Error messages while Windows is loading (Windows NT 4.0)	2	If your computer has a virus protection program installed, make sure it is up to date and that no viruses are being detected. If your computer does not have a virus protection program, you may wish to consider installing a program to make sure no viruses are causing your problems.	0	Ensure that your computer is up to date with all the latest service packs and patches available from Microsoft.
1	53	Error messages while Windows is loading (Windows NT 4.0)	1	If you are unable to get into Windows, check the Event Viewer to verify if any errors occurred while windows is loading. To check the event viewer, click Start, Programs, Admin Tools, and click Event Viewer.	2	If your computer has a virus protection program installed, make sure it is up to date and that no viruses are being detected. If your computer does not have a virus protection program, you may wish to consider installing a program to make sure no viruses are causing your problems.
0	53	Error messages while Windows is loading (Windows NT 4.0)	2	If your computer has a virus protection program installed, make sure it is up to date and that no viruses are being detected. If your computer does not have a virus protection program, you may wish to consider installing a program to make sure no viruses are causing your problems.	1	If you are unable to get into Windows, check the Event Viewer to verify if any errors occurred while windows is loading. To check the event viewer, click Start, Programs, Admin Tools, and click Event Viewer.
1	55	Error messages while Windows is loading (Windows 2000)	0	If you have recently changed or installed something that could have caused Normal Windows to stop loading, try loading the last known good configuration. Additional information about how to do this can be found on document CH000627.	1	If you are unable to get into Normal Windows and believe that removing or uninstalling a program or changing a setting may help enable you to get into Windows, boot the computer into Windows 2000 Safe Mode.
0	55	Error messages while Windows is loading (Windows 2000)	1	If you are unable to get into Normal Windows and believe that removing or uninstalling a program or changing a setting may help enable you to get into Windows, boot the computer into Windows 2000 Safe Mode.	0	If you have recently changed or installed something that could have caused Normal Windows to stop loading, try loading the last known good configuration. Additional information about how to do this can be found on document CH000627.
1	55	Error messages while Windows is loading (Windows 2000)	0	If you have recently changed or installed something that could have caused Normal Windows to stop loading, try loading the last known good configuration. Additional information about how to do this can be found on document CH000627.	2	If you were unable to resolve your issue through Safe Mode, restore the registry using scanreg. Additional information about how to backup and restore the registry using the scanreg utility can be found on our registry page.
0	55	Error messages while Windows is loading (Windows 2000)	2	If you were unable to resolve your issue through Safe Mode, restore the registry using scanreg. Additional information about how to backup and restore the registry using the scanreg utility can be found on our registry page.	0	If you have recently changed or installed something that could have caused Normal Windows to stop loading, try loading the last known good configuration. Additional information about how to do this can be found on document CH000627.
1	55	Error messages while Windows is loading (Windows 2000)	1	If you are unable to get into Normal Windows and believe that removing or uninstalling a program or changing a setting may help enable you to get into Windows, boot the computer into Windows 2000 Safe Mode.	2	If you were unable to resolve your issue through Safe Mode, restore the registry using scanreg. Additional information about how to backup and restore the registry using the scanreg utility can be found on our registry page.
0	55	Error messages while Windows is loading (Windows 2000)	2	If you were unable to resolve your issue through Safe Mode, restore the registry using scanreg. Additional information about how to backup and restore the registry using the scanreg utility can be found on our registry page.	1	If you are unable to get into Normal Windows and believe that removing or uninstalling a program or changing a setting may help enable you to get into Windows, boot the computer into Windows 2000 Safe Mode.
1	62	The screen is not synchronized	0	Check to make sure the signal cable is firmly connected in the socket.	1	Check that the output level matches the input level of your computer.
0	62	The screen is not synchronized	1	Check that the output level matches the input level of your computer.	0	Check to make sure the signal cable is firmly connected in the socket.
1	62	The screen is not synchronized	0	Check to make sure the signal cable is firmly connected in the socket.	2	Make sure the signal timing of the computer system is within the specification of the monitor.
0	62	The screen is not synchronized	2	Make sure the signal timing of the computer system is within the specification of the monitor.	0	Check to make sure the signal cable is firmly connected in the socket.
1	62	The screen is not synchronized	1	Check that the output level matches the input level of your computer.	2	Make sure the signal timing of the computer system is within the specification of the monitor.
0	62	The screen is not synchronized	2	Make sure the signal timing of the computer system is within the specification of the monitor.	1	Check that the output level matches the input level of your computer.
1	64	The screen is shaking	0	Move all objects that emit a magnetic field, such as a motor or transformer, away from the monitor.	1	Check if the specified voltage is applied.
0	64	The screen is shaking	1	Check if the specified voltage is applied.	0	Move all objects that emit a magnetic field, such as a motor or transformer, away from the monitor.
1	64	The screen is shaking	0	Move all objects that emit a magnetic field, such as a motor or transformer, away from the monitor.	2	Check if the signal timing of the computer system is within the specification of the monitor.
0	64	The screen is shaking	2	Check if the signal timing of the computer system is within the specification of the monitor.	0	Move all objects that emit a magnetic field, such as a motor or transformer, away from the monitor.
1	64	The screen is shaking	1	Check if the specified voltage is applied.	2	Check if the signal timing of the computer system is within the specification of the monitor.
0	64	The screen is shaking	2	Check if the signal timing of the computer system is within the specification of the monitor.	1	Check if the specified voltage is applied.
1	68	Keyboard doesn't respond and gives off a constant beeping noise when booting up	0	Check the plug to make sure it's connected securely. Try unplugging it and re-plugging it again. If there is no response, check the indicator light on the keyboard. Is it on? Do the lights respond when you press the caps lock or the num lock key? If not, maybe your keyboard is broken.	1	Check to see if there a key stuck Gently pry off the cover and clean it with alcohol. Make sure it is not connected to your machine when you are cleaning it. The space bar frequently comes off track. Gently pry it off, noting which way the bar lies in your particular keyboard so you can replace it properly.
0	68	Keyboard doesn't respond and gives off a constant beeping noise when booting up	1	Check to see if there a key stuck Gently pry off the cover and clean it with alcohol. Make sure it is not connected to your machine when you are cleaning it. The space bar frequently comes off track. Gently pry it off, noting which way the bar lies in your particular keyboard so you can replace it properly.	0	Check the plug to make sure it's connected securely. Try unplugging it and re-plugging it again. If there is no response, check the indicator light on the keyboard. Is it on? Do the lights respond when you press the caps lock or the num lock key? If not, maybe your keyboard is broken.
1	69	The mouse will only move one way, either vertically or horizontally	0	Clean the mouse	1	Shut down your machine and unplug your mouse from the computer. Open the underside of the mouse and remove the ball. If the ball is a rubber ball, do not clean it with alcohol. Clean it with a soft cloth. There should be no lubricant placed on a mouse ball. Clean the roller in the body of the mouse with a cotton swab that is slightly damp with alcohol. Replace the ball when the rollers are dry and replace the bottom portion.
0	69	The mouse will only move one way, either vertically or horizontally	1	Shut down your machine and unplug your mouse from the computer. Open the underside of the mouse and remove the ball. If the ball is a rubber ball, do not clean it with alcohol. Clean it with a soft cloth. There should be no lubricant placed on a mouse ball. Clean the roller in the body of the mouse with a cotton swab that is slightly damp with alcohol. Replace the ball when the rollers are dry and replace the bottom portion.	0	Clean the mouse
1	71	You have run out of disk space on your computer. Music files, movies, digital pictures, and other big data files can fill up your hard drive.	0	Open My Computer. Right click on the C: drive and select Properties from the shortcut menu. A pie chart will appear telling you the used and free space.	1	Try running the Disk Cleanup Wizard. This utility can tell you whether you are running out of room and help you clear away some space. Click the Start button and choose Programs | Accessories | System Tools | Disk Cleanup. Choose the disk to clean up (C :) and let the wizard do the work.
0	71	You have run out of disk space on your computer. Music files, movies, digital pictures, and other big data files can fill up your hard drive.	1	Try running the Disk Cleanup Wizard. This utility can tell you whether you are running out of room and help you clear away some space. Click the Start button and choose Programs | Accessories | System Tools | Disk Cleanup. Choose the disk to clean up (C :) and let the wizard do the work.	0	Open My Computer. Right click on the C: drive and select Properties from the shortcut menu. A pie chart will appear telling you the used and free space.
1	73	Codec error messages appear when certain audio files are played.	0	Open the file in Windows Media Player. Ensure Windows Media Player is configured to automatically download codecs. If the correct codec is .  available, the file will play. Note that you must be connected to the Internet to download the codec file. If the correct codec is not .  available, check to see if there is an update available for Windows Media Player.	1	For more information, open Windows Media Player Help, and then search the online Help for codec.
0	73	Codec error messages appear when certain audio files are played.	1	For more information, open Windows Media Player Help, and then search the online Help for codec.	0	Open the file in Windows Media Player. Ensure Windows Media Player is configured to automatically download codecs. If the correct codec is .  available, the file will play. Note that you must be connected to the Internet to download the codec file. If the correct codec is not .  available, check to see if there is an update available for Windows Media Player.
1	75	I cannot remove a CD or DVD	0	Turn on your computer, and press the Eject button nearest the drive to open the tray.	1	If you suspect a problem with the actual Eject button: 1 Click the Windows start Button and then Computer. 2 Right-click the CD or DVD drive you want to open. 3 Select Eject from the menu.
0	75	I cannot remove a CD or DVD	1	If you suspect a problem with the actual Eject button: 1 Click the Windows start Button and then Computer. 2 Right-click the CD or DVD drive you want to open. 3 Select Eject from the menu.	0	Turn on your computer, and press the Eject button nearest the drive to open the tray.
1	77	Titles of music tracks are not displayed for the CD.	0	The computer must be connected to the Internet for the artist, title, and track information to appear when playing music CDs. This information is not recorded on the disc.	1	Track information may not be available for every CD.
0	77	Titles of music tracks are not displayed for the CD.	1	Track information may not be available for every CD.	0	The computer must be connected to the Internet for the artist, title, and track information to appear when playing music CDs. This information is not recorded on the disc.
1	78	Screen is blank, and monitor power light is not lit.	0	Reconnect the power plug on the back of the monitor and the wall outlet.	1	Press the On button on the front of the monitor.
0	78	Screen is blank, and monitor power light is not lit.	1	Press the On button on the front of the monitor.	0	Reconnect the power plug on the back of the monitor and the wall outlet.
1	82	Keyboard commands and typing are not recognized by the computer.	0	Turn off the computer by using the mouse, reconnect the keyboard to the back .  of your computer, and then turn on your computer.	1	Refer to the Limited Warranty and Support Guide to contact Support.
0	82	Keyboard commands and typing are not recognized by the computer.	1	Refer to the Limited Warranty and Support Guide to contact Support.	0	Turn off the computer by using the mouse, reconnect the keyboard to the back .  of your computer, and then turn on your computer.
1	83	Wireless keyboard does not work or is not detected.	0	Ensure the keyboard is within the range of the receiver.	1	Replace the batteries in the wireless keyboard.
0	83	Wireless keyboard does not work or is not detected.	1	Replace the batteries in the wireless keyboard.	0	Ensure the keyboard is within the range of the receiver.
1	83	Wireless keyboard does not work or is not detected.	0	Ensure the keyboard is within the range of the receiver.	2	Refer to the documentation that came with the keyboard.
0	83	Wireless keyboard does not work or is not detected.	2	Refer to the documentation that came with the keyboard.	0	Ensure the keyboard is within the range of the receiver.
1	83	Wireless keyboard does not work or is not detected.	1	Replace the batteries in the wireless keyboard.	2	Refer to the documentation that came with the keyboard.
0	83	Wireless keyboard does not work or is not detected.	2	Refer to the documentation that came with the keyboard.	1	Replace the batteries in the wireless keyboard.
1	84	Wireless mouse does not work or is not detected.	0	Ensure the mouse is within the range of the receiver.	1	Replace the batteries in the wireless mouse.
0	84	Wireless mouse does not work or is not detected.	1	Replace the batteries in the wireless mouse.	0	Ensure the mouse is within the range of the receiver.
1	84	Wireless mouse does not work or is not detected.	0	Ensure the mouse is within the range of the receiver.	2	Refer to the documentation that came with the mouse.
0	84	Wireless mouse does not work or is not detected.	2	Refer to the documentation that came with the mouse.	0	Ensure the mouse is within the range of the receiver.
1	84	Wireless mouse does not work or is not detected.	1	Replace the batteries in the wireless mouse.	2	Refer to the documentation that came with the mouse.
0	84	Wireless mouse does not work or is not detected.	2	Refer to the documentation that came with the mouse.	1	Replace the batteries in the wireless mouse.
1	85	Cursor responds slowly to mouse movement.	0	Use a mouse pad or other rough surface under the mouse.	1	If you have a rollerball mouse, clean the roller ball. For detailed cleaninginstructions, go to: http://www.hp.com/support Select your country/region and language, search on your computer model number, and then search on the keyword cleaning.
0	85	Cursor responds slowly to mouse movement.	1	If you have a rollerball mouse, clean the roller ball. For detailed cleaninginstructions, go to: http://www.hp.com/support Select your country/region and language, search on your computer model number, and then search on the keyword cleaning.	0	Use a mouse pad or other rough surface under the mouse.
1	86	Mouse does not work or is not detected.	0	Unplug and reconnect the mouse cable to your computer.	1	If the mouse is still not detected, turn off the computer, reconnect the mouse cable, and then restart the computer.
0	86	Mouse does not work or is not detected.	1	If the mouse is still not detected, turn off the computer, reconnect the mouse cable, and then restart the computer.	0	Unplug and reconnect the mouse cable to your computer.
1	88	Computer shuts down automatically.	0	The computer may be in an exceedingly hot environment. Let it cool down.	1	Ensure computer air vents are not blocked and internal fan is running. Note that your computer may not have an internal fan.
0	88	Computer shuts down automatically.	1	Ensure computer air vents are not blocked and internal fan is running. Note that your computer may not have an internal fan.	0	The computer may be in an exceedingly hot environment. Let it cool down.
1	89	Computer date and time display is incorrect.	0	The real-time clock (RTC) battery may need to be replaced. Battery life is approximately seven years.	1	Before replacing the battery, try resetting the date and time in your operating system by using the Control Panel. If the problem persists, replace the battery. See the Upgrading and Servicing Guide for instructions on replacing the battery.
0	89	Computer date and time display is incorrect.	1	Before replacing the battery, try resetting the date and time in your operating system by using the Control Panel. If the problem persists, replace the battery. See the Upgrading and Servicing Guide for instructions on replacing the battery.	0	The real-time clock (RTC) battery may need to be replaced. Battery life is approximately seven years.
1	92	Computer appears locked up and will not turn off when the power button is pressed.	0	Press and hold the power button for at least four seconds until the computer turns off.	1	Disconnect the power cord from the electrical outlet.
0	92	Computer appears locked up and will not turn off when the power button is pressed.	1	Disconnect the power cord from the electrical outlet.	0	Press and hold the power button for at least four seconds until the computer turns off.
1	93	Computer will not respond to USB keyboard or mouse.	0	To resume from standby mode, press the power button or press any key. When attempting to resume from standby mode, do not hold down the power button for more than four seconds. Otherwise, the computer will shut down and you will lose any unsaved data.	1	Restart computer.
0	93	Computer will not respond to USB keyboard or mouse.	1	Restart computer.	0	To resume from standby mode, press the power button or press any key. When attempting to resume from standby mode, do not hold down the power button for more than four seconds. Otherwise, the computer will shut down and you will lose any unsaved data.
1	94	There is no sound or sound volume is too low.	0	System volume may be set low or muted. Check the F10 BIOS settings to make sure the internal system speaker is not muted (this setting does not affect the external speakers). Make sure the external speakers are properly connected and powered on and that the speakers' volume control is set correctly. Use the system volume control available in the operating system to make sure the speakers are not muted or to increase the volume.	1	The audio device may be connected to the wrong jack on the rear of the computer. Ensure that the device is connected to the correct jack on the rear of the computer.
0	94	There is no sound or sound volume is too low.	1	The audio device may be connected to the wrong jack on the rear of the computer. Ensure that the device is connected to the correct jack on the rear of the computer.	0	System volume may be set low or muted. Check the F10 BIOS settings to make sure the internal system speaker is not muted (this setting does not affect the external speakers). Make sure the external speakers are properly connected and powered on and that the speakers' volume control is set correctly. Use the system volume control available in the operating system to make sure the speakers are not muted or to increase the volume.
1	97	System does not power on and the LEDs on the front of the computer are not flashing.	0	Press and hold the power button for less than 4 seconds. If the hard drive LED turns green, then: Remove the expansion cards one at a time until the 5V_aux light on the system board turns on. Replace the system board.	1	Press and hold the power button for less than 4 seconds. If the hard drive LED does not turn on green then: Check that the unit is plugged into a working AC outlet. Open hood and check that the power button harness is properly connected to the system board. Check that both power supply cables are properly connected to the system board. Check to see if the 5V_aux light on the system board is turned on. If it is turned on, then replace the power button harness. If the 5V_aux light on the system board is off, then replace the power supply. Replace the system board.
0	97	System does not power on and the LEDs on the front of the computer are not flashing.	1	Press and hold the power button for less than 4 seconds. If the hard drive LED does not turn on green then: Check that the unit is plugged into a working AC outlet. Open hood and check that the power button harness is properly connected to the system board. Check that both power supply cables are properly connected to the system board. Check to see if the 5V_aux light on the system board is turned on. If it is turned on, then replace the power button harness. If the 5V_aux light on the system board is off, then replace the power supply. Replace the system board.	0	Press and hold the power button for less than 4 seconds. If the hard drive LED turns green, then: Remove the expansion cards one at a time until the 5V_aux light on the system board turns on. Replace the system board.
1	99	Hard disk has bad sectors or has failed.	0	In Microsoft Windows XP, right-click Start , click Explore , and select a drive. Select File .  > Properties .  > Tools . Under Error-checking , click Check Now . In Microsoft Windows Vista, right-click Start , click Explore , and right-click on a drive. Select Properties .  then select the Tools tab. Under Error-checking click Check Now .	1	Use a utility to locate and block usage of bad sectors. If necessary, reformat the hard disk.
0	99	Hard disk has bad sectors or has failed.	1	Use a utility to locate and block usage of bad sectors. If necessary, reformat the hard disk.	0	In Microsoft Windows XP, right-click Start , click Explore , and select a drive. Select File .  > Properties .  > Tools . Under Error-checking , click Check Now . In Microsoft Windows Vista, right-click Start , click Explore , and right-click on a drive. Select Properties .  then select the Tools tab. Under Error-checking click Check Now .
1	102	The removable hard drive has no power to the hard drive enclosure.	0	The lock on the enclosure is not turned to the ON position. Insert the key and turn the lock clockwise 90 degrees. The green LED on the front of the enclosure should be on.	1	Power cable from the computer power supply to the enclosure frame is not properly connected. Check the power supply to make sure it is properly connected to the rear of the enclosure frame.
0	102	The removable hard drive has no power to the hard drive enclosure.	1	Power cable from the computer power supply to the enclosure frame is not properly connected. Check the power supply to make sure it is properly connected to the rear of the enclosure frame.	0	The lock on the enclosure is not turned to the ON position. Insert the key and turn the lock clockwise 90 degrees. The green LED on the front of the enclosure should be on.
1	103	Can not write to the media card.	0	The media card is a read-only memory (ROM) card. Check the manufacturers documentation included with your card to see if it writable. Refer to the previous section for a list of compatible cards.	1	Media card is locked. Locking the media card is a safety feature that prevents writing to and deleting from an SD/Memory Stick/PRO card. If using an SD card, make sure that the lock tab located on the right of the SD card is not in the locked position. If using a Memory Stick/PRO card, make sure that the lock tab located on the bottom of the Memory Stick/PRO card is not in the locked position.
0	103	Can not write to the media card.	1	Media card is locked. Locking the media card is a safety feature that prevents writing to and deleting from an SD/Memory Stick/PRO card. If using an SD card, make sure that the lock tab located on the right of the SD card is not in the locked position. If using a Memory Stick/PRO card, make sure that the lock tab located on the bottom of the Memory Stick/PRO card is not in the locked position.	0	The media card is a read-only memory (ROM) card. Check the manufacturers documentation included with your card to see if it writable. Refer to the previous section for a list of compatible cards.
1	105	Cannot enable integrated graphics after installing a PCI Express graphics card.	0	On systems with Intel integrated graphics, the integrated graphics cannot be enabled after installing a PCI Express x16. The integrated graphics can be enabled in Computer Setup if a PCI or PCI Express x1 graphics card is installed, but it cannot be enabled if there is a graphics card in the PCI Express x16 slot.	1	On systems with AMD integrated graphics, the integrated graphics can be enabled in Computer Setup only if an AMD PCI Express x16 graphics card is installed. On systems with AMD integrated graphics, install an AMD PCI Express x16 graphics card and enable the integrated graphics in Computer Setup.
0	105	Cannot enable integrated graphics after installing a PCI Express graphics card.	1	On systems with AMD integrated graphics, the integrated graphics can be enabled in Computer Setup only if an AMD PCI Express x16 graphics card is installed. On systems with AMD integrated graphics, install an AMD PCI Express x16 graphics card and enable the integrated graphics in Computer Setup.	0	On systems with Intel integrated graphics, the integrated graphics cannot be enabled after installing a PCI Express x16. The integrated graphics can be enabled in Computer Setup if a PCI or PCI Express x1 graphics card is installed, but it cannot be enabled if there is a graphics card in the PCI Express x16 slot.
1	107	Blank screen and the power LED flashes Red six times, once every second, followed by a two second pause, and the computer beeps six times. (Beeps stop after fifth iteration but LEDs continue flashing.)	0	For systems with a graphics card: Reseat the graphics card. Power on the system. Replace the graphics card. Replace the system board.	1	For systems with integrated graphics, replace the system board.
0	107	Blank screen and the power LED flashes Red six times, once every second, followed by a two second pause, and the computer beeps six times. (Beeps stop after fifth iteration but LEDs continue flashing.)	1	For systems with integrated graphics, replace the system board.	0	For systems with a graphics card: Reseat the graphics card. Power on the system. Replace the graphics card. Replace the system board.
1	108	Dim characters.	0	The brightness and contrast controls are not set properly. Adjust the monitor brightness and contrast controls.	1	Cables are not properly connected. Check that the graphics cable is securely connected to the graphics card and the monitor.
0	108	Dim characters.	1	Cables are not properly connected. Check that the graphics cable is securely connected to the graphics card and the monitor.	0	The brightness and contrast controls are not set properly. Adjust the monitor brightness and contrast controls.
1	109	Blurry video or requested resolution cannot be set.	0	If the graphics controller was upgraded, the correct graphics drivers may not be loaded. Install the video drivers included in the upgrade kit.	1	Monitor is not capable of displaying requested resolution. Change requested resolution.
0	109	Blurry video or requested resolution cannot be set.	1	Monitor is not capable of displaying requested resolution. Change requested resolution.	0	If the graphics controller was upgraded, the correct graphics drivers may not be loaded. Install the video drivers included in the upgrade kit.
1	109	Blurry video or requested resolution cannot be set.	0	If the graphics controller was upgraded, the correct graphics drivers may not be loaded. Install the video drivers included in the upgrade kit.	2	Graphics card is bad. Replace the graphics card.
0	109	Blurry video or requested resolution cannot be set.	2	Graphics card is bad. Replace the graphics card.	0	If the graphics controller was upgraded, the correct graphics drivers may not be loaded. Install the video drivers included in the upgrade kit.
1	109	Blurry video or requested resolution cannot be set.	1	Monitor is not capable of displaying requested resolution. Change requested resolution.	2	Graphics card is bad. Replace the graphics card.
0	109	Blurry video or requested resolution cannot be set.	2	Graphics card is bad. Replace the graphics card.	1	Monitor is not capable of displaying requested resolution. Change requested resolution.
1	110	The picture is broken up, rolls, jitters, or flashes.	0	The monitor connections may be incomplete or the monitor may be incorrectly adjusted. Be sure the monitor cable is securely connected to the computer. In a two-monitor system or if another monitor is in close proximity, be sure the monitors are not interfering with each others electromagnetic field by moving them apart. Fluorescent lights or fans may be too close to the monitor.	1	Monitor needs to be degaussed. Degauss the monitor. Refer to the documentation that came with the monitor for instructions.
0	110	The picture is broken up, rolls, jitters, or flashes.	1	Monitor needs to be degaussed. Degauss the monitor. Refer to the documentation that came with the monitor for instructions.	0	The monitor connections may be incomplete or the monitor may be incorrectly adjusted. Be sure the monitor cable is securely connected to the computer. In a two-monitor system or if another monitor is in close proximity, be sure the monitors are not interfering with each others electromagnetic field by moving them apart. Fluorescent lights or fans may be too close to the monitor.
1	111	Fuzzy focus; streaking, ghosting, or shadowing effects; horizontal scrolling lines; faint vertical bars; or unable to center the picture on the screen (flat panel monitors using an analog VGA input connection only).	0	Flat panel monitors internal digital conversion circuits may be unable to correctly interpret the output synchronization of the graphics card. Select the monitors Auto-Adjustment option in the monitors on-screen display menu. Manually synchronize the Clock and Clock Phase on-screen display functions. To download a SoftPaq that will assist you with the synchronization, go to the following Web site, select the appropriate monitor, and download either SP32347 or SP32202: http://www.hp.com/support	1	Graphics card is not seated properly or is bad. Reseat the graphics card. Replace the graphics card.
0	111	Fuzzy focus; streaking, ghosting, or shadowing effects; horizontal scrolling lines; faint vertical bars; or unable to center the picture on the screen (flat panel monitors using an analog VGA input connection only).	1	Graphics card is not seated properly or is bad. Reseat the graphics card. Replace the graphics card.	0	Flat panel monitors internal digital conversion circuits may be unable to correctly interpret the output synchronization of the graphics card. Select the monitors Auto-Adjustment option in the monitors on-screen display menu. Manually synchronize the Clock and Clock Phase on-screen display functions. To download a SoftPaq that will assist you with the synchronization, go to the following Web site, select the appropriate monitor, and download either SP32347 or SP32202: http://www.hp.com/support
1	112	Sound cuts in and out.	0	Processor resources are being used by other open applications. Shut down all open processor-intensive applications.	1	Direct sound latency, common in many media player applications. In Windows XP only: From the Control Panel , select Sounds and Audio Devices . On the Audio tab, select a device from the Sound Playback list. Click the Advanced button and select the Performance tab. Set the Hardware acceleration slider to None and the Sample rate conversion quality slider to Good and retest the audio. Set the Hardware acceleration slider to Full and the Sample rate conversion quality slider to Best and retest the audio.
0	112	Sound cuts in and out.	1	Direct sound latency, common in many media player applications. In Windows XP only: From the Control Panel , select Sounds and Audio Devices . On the Audio tab, select a device from the Sound Playback list. Click the Advanced button and select the Performance tab. Set the Hardware acceleration slider to None and the Sample rate conversion quality slider to Good and retest the audio. Set the Hardware acceleration slider to Full and the Sample rate conversion quality slider to Best and retest the audio.	0	Processor resources are being used by other open applications. Shut down all open processor-intensive applications.
1	115	Printer prints garbled information.	0	The correct printer driver for the application is not installed. Install the correct printer driver for the application.	1	The cables may not be connected properly. Reconnect all cables.
0	115	Printer prints garbled information.	1	The cables may not be connected properly. Reconnect all cables.	0	The correct printer driver for the application is not installed. Install the correct printer driver for the application.
1	115	Printer prints garbled information.	0	The correct printer driver for the application is not installed. Install the correct printer driver for the application.	2	Printer memory may be overloaded. Reset the printer by turning it off for one minute, then turn it back on.
0	115	Printer prints garbled information.	2	Printer memory may be overloaded. Reset the printer by turning it off for one minute, then turn it back on.	0	The correct printer driver for the application is not installed. Install the correct printer driver for the application.
1	115	Printer prints garbled information.	1	The cables may not be connected properly. Reconnect all cables.	2	Printer memory may be overloaded. Reset the printer by turning it off for one minute, then turn it back on.
0	115	Printer prints garbled information.	2	Printer memory may be overloaded. Reset the printer by turning it off for one minute, then turn it back on.	1	The cables may not be connected properly. Reconnect all cables.
1	119	Computer will not start.	0	Wrong memory modules were used in the upgrade or memory modules were installed in the wrong location. Review the Hardware Reference Guide for your system to determine if you are using the correct memory modules and to verify the proper installation.	1	Observe the beeps and LED lights on the front of the computer. Beeps and flashing LEDs are codes for specific problems.
0	119	Computer will not start.	1	Observe the beeps and LED lights on the front of the computer. Beeps and flashing LEDs are codes for specific problems.	0	Wrong memory modules were used in the upgrade or memory modules were installed in the wrong location. Review the Hardware Reference Guide for your system to determine if you are using the correct memory modules and to verify the proper installation.
1	119	Computer will not start.	0	Wrong memory modules were used in the upgrade or memory modules were installed in the wrong location. Review the Hardware Reference Guide for your system to determine if you are using the correct memory modules and to verify the proper installation.	2	If you still cannot resolve the issue, contact Customer Support.
0	119	Computer will not start.	2	If you still cannot resolve the issue, contact Customer Support.	0	Wrong memory modules were used in the upgrade or memory modules were installed in the wrong location. Review the Hardware Reference Guide for your system to determine if you are using the correct memory modules and to verify the proper installation.
1	119	Computer will not start.	1	Observe the beeps and LED lights on the front of the computer. Beeps and flashing LEDs are codes for specific problems.	2	If you still cannot resolve the issue, contact Customer Support.
0	119	Computer will not start.	2	If you still cannot resolve the issue, contact Customer Support.	1	Observe the beeps and LED lights on the front of the computer. Beeps and flashing LEDs are codes for specific problems.
1	121	Power LED flashes Red six times, once every second, followed by a two second pause, and the computer beeps six times. (Beeps stop after fifth iteration but LEDs continue flashing.)	0	For systems with a graphics card: Reseat the graphics card. Power on the system. Replace the graphics card. Replace the system board.	1	For systems with integrated graphics, replace the system board.
0	121	Power LED flashes Red six times, once every second, followed by a two second pause, and the computer beeps six times. (Beeps stop after fifth iteration but LEDs continue flashing.)	1	For systems with integrated graphics, replace the system board.	0	For systems with a graphics card: Reseat the graphics card. Power on the system. Replace the graphics card. Replace the system board.
1	122	Power LED flashes Red ten times, once every second, followed by a two second pause, and the computer beeps ten times. (Beeps stop after fifth iteration but LEDs continue flashing.)	0	Check each option card by removing the cards one at time (if multiple cards), then power on the system to see if fault goes away.	1	Once bad card is identified, remove and replace bad option card.
0	122	Power LED flashes Red ten times, once every second, followed by a two second pause, and the computer beeps ten times. (Beeps stop after fifth iteration but LEDs continue flashing.)	1	Once bad card is identified, remove and replace bad option card.	0	Check each option card by removing the cards one at time (if multiple cards), then power on the system to see if fault goes away.
1	122	Power LED flashes Red ten times, once every second, followed by a two second pause, and the computer beeps ten times. (Beeps stop after fifth iteration but LEDs continue flashing.)	0	Check each option card by removing the cards one at time (if multiple cards), then power on the system to see if fault goes away.	2	Replace the system board.
0	122	Power LED flashes Red ten times, once every second, followed by a two second pause, and the computer beeps ten times. (Beeps stop after fifth iteration but LEDs continue flashing.)	2	Replace the system board.	0	Check each option card by removing the cards one at time (if multiple cards), then power on the system to see if fault goes away.
1	122	Power LED flashes Red ten times, once every second, followed by a two second pause, and the computer beeps ten times. (Beeps stop after fifth iteration but LEDs continue flashing.)	1	Once bad card is identified, remove and replace bad option card.	2	Replace the system board.
0	122	Power LED flashes Red ten times, once every second, followed by a two second pause, and the computer beeps ten times. (Beeps stop after fifth iteration but LEDs continue flashing.)	2	Replace the system board.	1	Once bad card is identified, remove and replace bad option card.
1	123	Network driver does not detect network controller.	0	Network controller is disabled. Run Computer Setup and enable network controller. Enable the network controller in the operating system via Device Manager.	1	Incorrect network driver. Check the network controller documentation for the correct driver or obtain the latest driver from the manufacturers Web site.
0	123	Network driver does not detect network controller.	1	Incorrect network driver. Check the network controller documentation for the correct driver or obtain the latest driver from the manufacturers Web site.	0	Network controller is disabled. Run Computer Setup and enable network controller. Enable the network controller in the operating system via Device Manager.
1	126	Diagnostics passes, but the computer does not communicate with the network.	0	Network drivers are not loaded, or driver parameters do not match current configuration. Make sure the network drivers are loaded and that the driver parameters match the configuration of the network controller. Make sure the correct network client and protocol is installed.	1	The network controller is not configured for this computer. Select the Network icon in the Control Panel and configure the network controller.
0	126	Diagnostics passes, but the computer does not communicate with the network.	1	The network controller is not configured for this computer. Select the Network icon in the Control Panel and configure the network controller.	0	Network drivers are not loaded, or driver parameters do not match current configuration. Make sure the network drivers are loaded and that the driver parameters match the configuration of the network controller. Make sure the correct network client and protocol is installed.
1	127	Network controller stopped working when an expansion board was added to the computer.	0	Network controller interrupt is shared with an expansion board. Under the Computer Setup Advanced menu, change the resource settings for the board.	1	The network controller requires drivers. Verify that the drivers were not accidentally deleted when the drivers for a new expansion board were installed.
0	127	Network controller stopped working when an expansion board was added to the computer.	1	The network controller requires drivers. Verify that the drivers were not accidentally deleted when the drivers for a new expansion board were installed.	0	Network controller interrupt is shared with an expansion board. Under the Computer Setup Advanced menu, change the resource settings for the board.
1	127	Network controller stopped working when an expansion board was added to the computer.	0	Network controller interrupt is shared with an expansion board. Under the Computer Setup Advanced menu, change the resource settings for the board.	2	The expansion board installed is a network card (NIC) and conflicts with the embedded NIC. Under the Computer Setup Advanced menu, change the resource settings for the board.
0	127	Network controller stopped working when an expansion board was added to the computer.	2	The expansion board installed is a network card (NIC) and conflicts with the embedded NIC. Under the Computer Setup Advanced menu, change the resource settings for the board.	0	Network controller interrupt is shared with an expansion board. Under the Computer Setup Advanced menu, change the resource settings for the board.
1	127	Network controller stopped working when an expansion board was added to the computer.	1	The network controller requires drivers. Verify that the drivers were not accidentally deleted when the drivers for a new expansion board were installed.	2	The expansion board installed is a network card (NIC) and conflicts with the embedded NIC. Under the Computer Setup Advanced menu, change the resource settings for the board.
0	127	Network controller stopped working when an expansion board was added to the computer.	2	The expansion board installed is a network card (NIC) and conflicts with the embedded NIC. Under the Computer Setup Advanced menu, change the resource settings for the board.	1	The network controller requires drivers. Verify that the drivers were not accidentally deleted when the drivers for a new expansion board were installed.
1	128	Network controller stops working without apparent cause.	0	The files containing the network drivers are corrupted. Reinstall the network drivers.	1	The cable is not securely connected. Ensure that the cable is securely attached to the network connector and that the other end of the cable is securely attached to the correct device.
0	128	Network controller stops working without apparent cause.	1	The cable is not securely connected. Ensure that the cable is securely attached to the network connector and that the other end of the cable is securely attached to the correct device.	0	The files containing the network drivers are corrupted. Reinstall the network drivers.
1	128	Network controller stops working without apparent cause.	0	The files containing the network drivers are corrupted. Reinstall the network drivers.	2	The network controller is defective. Contact an authorized service provider.
0	128	Network controller stops working without apparent cause.	2	The network controller is defective. Contact an authorized service provider.	0	The files containing the network drivers are corrupted. Reinstall the network drivers.
1	128	Network controller stops working without apparent cause.	1	The cable is not securely connected. Ensure that the cable is securely attached to the network connector and that the other end of the cable is securely attached to the correct device.	2	The network controller is defective. Contact an authorized service provider.
0	128	Network controller stops working without apparent cause.	2	The network controller is defective. Contact an authorized service provider.	1	The cable is not securely connected. Ensure that the cable is securely attached to the network connector and that the other end of the cable is securely attached to the correct device.
1	129	System will not boot or does not function properly after installing additional memory modules.	0	On Intel systems, A memory module is not installed in the DIMM1 socket. Ensure that a memory module is installed in the black DIMM1 socket on the system board. This socket must be populated with a memory module. Populate DIMM sockets in the following order for Intel systems: DIMM1, DIMM3, DIMM2, DIMM4.	1	On AMD systems, a memory module is not installed in the system board memory socket. The sockets must be populated with at least one memory module. Install memory modules in the following order: XMM4, XMM3, XMM2, XMM1.
0	129	System will not boot or does not function properly after installing additional memory modules.	1	On AMD systems, a memory module is not installed in the system board memory socket. The sockets must be populated with at least one memory module. Install memory modules in the following order: XMM4, XMM3, XMM2, XMM1.	0	On Intel systems, A memory module is not installed in the DIMM1 socket. Ensure that a memory module is installed in the black DIMM1 socket on the system board. This socket must be populated with a memory module. Populate DIMM sockets in the following order for Intel systems: DIMM1, DIMM3, DIMM2, DIMM4.
1	129	System will not boot or does not function properly after installing additional memory modules.	0	On Intel systems, A memory module is not installed in the DIMM1 socket. Ensure that a memory module is installed in the black DIMM1 socket on the system board. This socket must be populated with a memory module. Populate DIMM sockets in the following order for Intel systems: DIMM1, DIMM3, DIMM2, DIMM4.	2	Memory module is not the correct type or speed grade for the system or the new memory module is not seated properly. Replace module with the correct industry-standard device for the computer. On some models, ECC and non-ECC memory modules cannot be mixed.
0	129	System will not boot or does not function properly after installing additional memory modules.	2	Memory module is not the correct type or speed grade for the system or the new memory module is not seated properly. Replace module with the correct industry-standard device for the computer. On some models, ECC and non-ECC memory modules cannot be mixed.	0	On Intel systems, A memory module is not installed in the DIMM1 socket. Ensure that a memory module is installed in the black DIMM1 socket on the system board. This socket must be populated with a memory module. Populate DIMM sockets in the following order for Intel systems: DIMM1, DIMM3, DIMM2, DIMM4.
1	129	System will not boot or does not function properly after installing additional memory modules.	1	On AMD systems, a memory module is not installed in the system board memory socket. The sockets must be populated with at least one memory module. Install memory modules in the following order: XMM4, XMM3, XMM2, XMM1.	2	Memory module is not the correct type or speed grade for the system or the new memory module is not seated properly. Replace module with the correct industry-standard device for the computer. On some models, ECC and non-ECC memory modules cannot be mixed.
0	129	System will not boot or does not function properly after installing additional memory modules.	2	Memory module is not the correct type or speed grade for the system or the new memory module is not seated properly. Replace module with the correct industry-standard device for the computer. On some models, ECC and non-ECC memory modules cannot be mixed.	1	On AMD systems, a memory module is not installed in the system board memory socket. The sockets must be populated with at least one memory module. Install memory modules in the following order: XMM4, XMM3, XMM2, XMM1.
1	130	Out of memory error.	0	Memory configuration may not be set up correctly. Use the Device Manager to check memory configuration.	1	You have run out of memory to run the application. Check the application documentation to determine the memory requirements.
0	130	Out of memory error.	1	You have run out of memory to run the application. Check the application documentation to determine the memory requirements.	0	Memory configuration may not be set up correctly. Use the Device Manager to check memory configuration.
1	131	Memory count during POST is wrong.	0	The memory modules may not be installed correctly. Check that the memory modules have been installed correctly and that proper modules are used.	1	Integrated graphics may use system memory. No action required.
0	131	Memory count during POST is wrong.	1	Integrated graphics may use system memory. No action required.	0	The memory modules may not be installed correctly. Check that the memory modules have been installed correctly and that proper modules are used.
1	132	Insufficient memory error during operation.	0	Too many Terminate and Stay Resident programs (TSRs) are installed. Delete any TSRs that you do not need.	1	You have run out of memory for the application. Check the memory requirements for the application or add more memory to the computer.
0	132	Insufficient memory error during operation.	1	You have run out of memory for the application. Check the memory requirements for the application or add more memory to the computer.	0	Too many Terminate and Stay Resident programs (TSRs) are installed. Delete any TSRs that you do not need.
1	133	Processor is hot.	0	Make sure the airflow to the computer is not blocked.	1	Make sure the fans are connected and working properly (some fans only operate when needed).
0	133	Processor is hot.	1	Make sure the fans are connected and working properly (some fans only operate when needed).	0	Make sure the airflow to the computer is not blocked.
1	133	Processor is hot.	0	Make sure the airflow to the computer is not blocked.	2	Make sure the processor heat sink is installed properly.
0	133	Processor is hot.	2	Make sure the processor heat sink is installed properly.	0	Make sure the airflow to the computer is not blocked.
1	133	Processor is hot.	1	Make sure the fans are connected and working properly (some fans only operate when needed).	2	Make sure the processor heat sink is installed properly.
0	133	Processor is hot.	2	Make sure the processor heat sink is installed properly.	1	Make sure the fans are connected and working properly (some fans only operate when needed).
1	134	Power LED flashes Red three times, once every second, followed by a two second pause.	0	Check to see that the processor is present.	1	Reseat the processor.
0	134	Power LED flashes Red three times, once every second, followed by a two second pause.	1	Reseat the processor.	0	Check to see that the processor is present.
1	135	Power LED flashes Red eleven times, once every second, followed by a two second pause.	0	Install a TXT capable processor.	1	Disable TXT in the Computer Setup (F10) utility.
0	135	Power LED flashes Red eleven times, once every second, followed by a two second pause.	1	Disable TXT in the Computer Setup (F10) utility.	0	Install a TXT capable processor.
1	135	Power LED flashes Red eleven times, once every second, followed by a two second pause.	0	Install a TXT capable processor.	2	Reinstall the original processor.
0	135	Power LED flashes Red eleven times, once every second, followed by a two second pause.	2	Reinstall the original processor.	0	Install a TXT capable processor.
1	135	Power LED flashes Red eleven times, once every second, followed by a two second pause.	1	Disable TXT in the Computer Setup (F10) utility.	2	Reinstall the original processor.
0	135	Power LED flashes Red eleven times, once every second, followed by a two second pause.	2	Reinstall the original processor.	1	Disable TXT in the Computer Setup (F10) utility.
1	140	Recording or copying CDs is difficult or impossible.	0	Try using a slower speed when recording.	1	Verify that you are using the correct media for the drive.
0	140	Recording or copying CDs is difficult or impossible.	1	Verify that you are using the correct media for the drive.	0	Try using a slower speed when recording.
1	140	Recording or copying CDs is difficult or impossible.	0	Try using a slower speed when recording.	2	Try a different brand of media. Quality varies widely between manufacturers.
0	140	Recording or copying CDs is difficult or impossible.	2	Try a different brand of media. Quality varies widely between manufacturers.	0	Try using a slower speed when recording.
1	140	Recording or copying CDs is difficult or impossible.	1	Verify that you are using the correct media for the drive.	2	Try a different brand of media. Quality varies widely between manufacturers.
0	140	Recording or copying CDs is difficult or impossible.	2	Try a different brand of media. Quality varies widely between manufacturers.	1	Verify that you are using the correct media for the drive.
1	141	USB flash drive not found (identified).	0	The device is attached to a USB port that has been hidden in Computer Setup.	1	Run the Computer Setup utility and ensure that Device Available is selected for the USB Ports under Security .  > Device Security .
0	141	USB flash drive not found (identified).	1	Run the Computer Setup utility and ensure that Device Available is selected for the USB Ports under Security .  > Device Security .	0	The device is attached to a USB port that has been hidden in Computer Setup.
1	141	USB flash drive not found (identified).	0	The device is attached to a USB port that has been hidden in Computer Setup.	2	The device was not properly seated before power-up. Ensure the device is fully inserted into the USB port before applying power to the system
0	141	USB flash drive not found (identified).	2	The device was not properly seated before power-up. Ensure the device is fully inserted into the USB port before applying power to the system	0	The device is attached to a USB port that has been hidden in Computer Setup.
1	141	USB flash drive not found (identified).	1	Run the Computer Setup utility and ensure that Device Available is selected for the USB Ports under Security .  > Device Security .	2	The device was not properly seated before power-up. Ensure the device is fully inserted into the USB port before applying power to the system
0	141	USB flash drive not found (identified).	2	The device was not properly seated before power-up. Ensure the device is fully inserted into the USB port before applying power to the system	1	Run the Computer Setup utility and ensure that Device Available is selected for the USB Ports under Security .  > Device Security .
1	142	System will not boot from USB flash drive.	0	Boot order is not correct. Run the Computer Setup utility and change boot sequence in Storage .  > Boot Order .	1	Removable Media Boot is disabled in the Computer Setup utility. Run the Computer Setup utility and enable booting to removable media in Storage .  > Storage Options . Ensure USB is enabled in Storage .  > Boot Order .
0	142	System will not boot from USB flash drive.	1	Removable Media Boot is disabled in the Computer Setup utility. Run the Computer Setup utility and enable booting to removable media in Storage .  > Storage Options . Ensure USB is enabled in Storage .  > Boot Order .	0	Boot order is not correct. Run the Computer Setup utility and change boot sequence in Storage .  > Boot Order .
1	142	System will not boot from USB flash drive.	0	Boot order is not correct. Run the Computer Setup utility and change boot sequence in Storage .  > Boot Order .	2	The image on the device is not bootable. Follow the procedures described in the ROM Flash: Replicating the Setup: Creating a Bootable Device: Supported USB Flash Media Device section of the Service Reference Guide .
0	142	System will not boot from USB flash drive.	2	The image on the device is not bootable. Follow the procedures described in the ROM Flash: Replicating the Setup: Creating a Bootable Device: Supported USB Flash Media Device section of the Service Reference Guide .	0	Boot order is not correct. Run the Computer Setup utility and change boot sequence in Storage .  > Boot Order .
1	142	System will not boot from USB flash drive.	1	Removable Media Boot is disabled in the Computer Setup utility. Run the Computer Setup utility and enable booting to removable media in Storage .  > Storage Options . Ensure USB is enabled in Storage .  > Boot Order .	2	The image on the device is not bootable. Follow the procedures described in the ROM Flash: Replicating the Setup: Creating a Bootable Device: Supported USB Flash Media Device section of the Service Reference Guide .
0	142	System will not boot from USB flash drive.	2	The image on the device is not bootable. Follow the procedures described in the ROM Flash: Replicating the Setup: Creating a Bootable Device: Supported USB Flash Media Device section of the Service Reference Guide .	1	Removable Media Boot is disabled in the Computer Setup utility. Run the Computer Setup utility and enable booting to removable media in Storage .  > Storage Options . Ensure USB is enabled in Storage .  > Boot Order .
1	145	Computer will not continue and no HP logo screen has appeared.	0	Observe the beeps and LED lights on the front of the computer. See Appendix A, POST Error Messages to determine possible causes.	1	See the Restore Kit or the Worldwide Limited Warranty for terms and conditions.
0	145	Computer will not continue and no HP logo screen has appeared.	1	See the Restore Kit or the Worldwide Limited Warranty for terms and conditions.	0	Observe the beeps and LED lights on the front of the computer. See Appendix A, POST Error Messages to determine possible causes.
1	146	Illegal Operation has Occurred error message is displayed.	0	Software being used is not Microsoft-certified for your version of Windows. Verify that the software is certified by Microsoft for your version of Windows (see program packaging for this information).	1	Configuration files are corrupt. If possible, save all data, close all programs, and restart the computer.
0	146	Illegal Operation has Occurred error message is displayed.	1	Configuration files are corrupt. If possible, save all data, close all programs, and restart the computer.	0	Software being used is not Microsoft-certified for your version of Windows. Verify that the software is certified by Microsoft for your version of Windows (see program packaging for this information).
1	147	My computer freezes or is behaving strangely	0	Try restarting your computer. Many basic problems can be resolved easily and quickly this way.	1	Press the Ctrl & Alt & Del keys on your keyboard together at the same time. This should bring up a menu that will allow you to run Task Manager. In Task Manager, switch to the Applications tab. Highlight any programs with the status 'Not Responding' and choose End Task. You may be asked to confirm if you want to end the unresponsive program, so choose Yes. Do this for all programs that are not responding.
0	147	My computer freezes or is behaving strangely	1	Press the Ctrl & Alt & Del keys on your keyboard together at the same time. This should bring up a menu that will allow you to run Task Manager. In Task Manager, switch to the Applications tab. Highlight any programs with the status 'Not Responding' and choose End Task. You may be asked to confirm if you want to end the unresponsive program, so choose Yes. Do this for all programs that are not responding.	0	Try restarting your computer. Many basic problems can be resolved easily and quickly this way.
1	147	My computer freezes or is behaving strangely	0	Try restarting your computer. Many basic problems can be resolved easily and quickly this way.	2	If all else fails and you cannot shutdown/restart your computer, then hold down the power button on the machine until it forcibly turns off. Wait a few seconds and then turn it back on again.
0	147	My computer freezes or is behaving strangely	2	If all else fails and you cannot shutdown/restart your computer, then hold down the power button on the machine until it forcibly turns off. Wait a few seconds and then turn it back on again.	0	Try restarting your computer. Many basic problems can be resolved easily and quickly this way.
1	147	My computer freezes or is behaving strangely	1	Press the Ctrl & Alt & Del keys on your keyboard together at the same time. This should bring up a menu that will allow you to run Task Manager. In Task Manager, switch to the Applications tab. Highlight any programs with the status 'Not Responding' and choose End Task. You may be asked to confirm if you want to end the unresponsive program, so choose Yes. Do this for all programs that are not responding.	2	If all else fails and you cannot shutdown/restart your computer, then hold down the power button on the machine until it forcibly turns off. Wait a few seconds and then turn it back on again.
0	147	My computer freezes or is behaving strangely	2	If all else fails and you cannot shutdown/restart your computer, then hold down the power button on the machine until it forcibly turns off. Wait a few seconds and then turn it back on again.	1	Press the Ctrl & Alt & Del keys on your keyboard together at the same time. This should bring up a menu that will allow you to run Task Manager. In Task Manager, switch to the Applications tab. Highlight any programs with the status 'Not Responding' and choose End Task. You may be asked to confirm if you want to end the unresponsive program, so choose Yes. Do this for all programs that are not responding.
1	150	Non-system disk or disk error at boot	0	Remove any floppy disks, CD/DVD discs and USB memory sticks or external hard drives and try booting up again.	1	If you can hear a repeated scraping or clunking noise, power off the computer as soon as possible, as there may be a physical problem with the hard disk and you may lose data.
0	150	Non-system disk or disk error at boot	1	If you can hear a repeated scraping or clunking noise, power off the computer as soon as possible, as there may be a physical problem with the hard disk and you may lose data.	0	Remove any floppy disks, CD/DVD discs and USB memory sticks or external hard drives and try booting up again.
1	152	Windows displays a blue screen during startup	0	Windows may automatically restart after displaying a blue screen, as shown below. You may also get a Windows startup menu upon reboot. If you do, choose 'Start Windows Normally' and see if the problem goes away. It may be a one-off glitch.	1	If Windows hasn't automatically restarted after displaying a blue screen, press the Ctrl & Alt & Del keys on your keyboard at the same time to restart the machine. You may need to press and hold the power button on the machine to force it to turn off. Switch it back on and, if you get a Windows startup menu upon reboot, such as the one shown below, choose 'Start Windows Normally' and see if the problem goes away.
0	152	Windows displays a blue screen during startup	1	If Windows hasn't automatically restarted after displaying a blue screen, press the Ctrl & Alt & Del keys on your keyboard at the same time to restart the machine. You may need to press and hold the power button on the machine to force it to turn off. Switch it back on and, if you get a Windows startup menu upon reboot, such as the one shown below, choose 'Start Windows Normally' and see if the problem goes away.	0	Windows may automatically restart after displaying a blue screen, as shown below. You may also get a Windows startup menu upon reboot. If you do, choose 'Start Windows Normally' and see if the problem goes away. It may be a one-off glitch.
1	153	Windows does not start successfully or repeatedly displays a blue screen	0	When you turn on the computer, press the F8 key on your keyboard repeatedly until you get a Windows startup menu (like the one in the image above). Choose to start Windows in 'Safe Mode'. If Windows boots up and you can login, restart Windows and let it boot as normal which may resolve the problem.	1	When you turn on the computer, press the F8 key on your keyboard repeatedly until you get a Windows startup menu (like the one in the image above). Choose 'Last Known Good Configuration', which will try and load Windows with the settings that last worked successfully.
0	153	Windows does not start successfully or repeatedly displays a blue screen	1	When you turn on the computer, press the F8 key on your keyboard repeatedly until you get a Windows startup menu (like the one in the image above). Choose 'Last Known Good Configuration', which will try and load Windows with the settings that last worked successfully.	0	When you turn on the computer, press the F8 key on your keyboard repeatedly until you get a Windows startup menu (like the one in the image above). Choose to start Windows in 'Safe Mode'. If Windows boots up and you can login, restart Windows and let it boot as normal which may resolve the problem.
1	153	Windows does not start successfully or repeatedly displays a blue screen	0	When you turn on the computer, press the F8 key on your keyboard repeatedly until you get a Windows startup menu (like the one in the image above). Choose to start Windows in 'Safe Mode'. If Windows boots up and you can login, restart Windows and let it boot as normal which may resolve the problem.	2	Do a System Restore to a previous working state (see below).
0	153	Windows does not start successfully or repeatedly displays a blue screen	2	Do a System Restore to a previous working state (see below).	0	When you turn on the computer, press the F8 key on your keyboard repeatedly until you get a Windows startup menu (like the one in the image above). Choose to start Windows in 'Safe Mode'. If Windows boots up and you can login, restart Windows and let it boot as normal which may resolve the problem.
1	153	Windows does not start successfully or repeatedly displays a blue screen	1	When you turn on the computer, press the F8 key on your keyboard repeatedly until you get a Windows startup menu (like the one in the image above). Choose 'Last Known Good Configuration', which will try and load Windows with the settings that last worked successfully.	2	Do a System Restore to a previous working state (see below).
0	153	Windows does not start successfully or repeatedly displays a blue screen	2	Do a System Restore to a previous working state (see below).	1	When you turn on the computer, press the F8 key on your keyboard repeatedly until you get a Windows startup menu (like the one in the image above). Choose 'Last Known Good Configuration', which will try and load Windows with the settings that last worked successfully.
1	154	Running a System Restore System	0	System Restore will not delete any of your personal files or documents.If you can boot into Windows either normally or via Safe Mode (see above), then you can run System Restore via Start -> All Programs -> Accessories -> System Tools -> System Restore. Choose a date and restore point that you would like Windows to restore to. You should choose a date that is before the time you started experiencing the problems.	1	If you cannot boot into Windows, then do the following: Windows Vista/7: Press F8 repeatedly at boot until you get the Windows startup menu. One of the entries in the menu is 'Repair your computer'. This may also be shown automatically as an option if Windows failed to start correctly last time around: First, try running a 'Startup Repair' to fix any problems preventing Windows from starting up correctly (see image below). Failing that, try running 'System Restore' to restore Windows to an earlier point in time (see image below). Windows XP: Press F8 repeatedly at boot until you get the Windows startup menu. Choose 'Safe Mode with Command Prompt. You will need to type in a local administrator username and password. Then type in: %systemroot%\system32\restore\rstrui.exe and press return.
0	154	Running a System Restore System	1	If you cannot boot into Windows, then do the following: Windows Vista/7: Press F8 repeatedly at boot until you get the Windows startup menu. One of the entries in the menu is 'Repair your computer'. This may also be shown automatically as an option if Windows failed to start correctly last time around: First, try running a 'Startup Repair' to fix any problems preventing Windows from starting up correctly (see image below). Failing that, try running 'System Restore' to restore Windows to an earlier point in time (see image below). Windows XP: Press F8 repeatedly at boot until you get the Windows startup menu. Choose 'Safe Mode with Command Prompt. You will need to type in a local administrator username and password. Then type in: %systemroot%\system32\restore\rstrui.exe and press return.	0	System Restore will not delete any of your personal files or documents.If you can boot into Windows either normally or via Safe Mode (see above), then you can run System Restore via Start -> All Programs -> Accessories -> System Tools -> System Restore. Choose a date and restore point that you would like Windows to restore to. You should choose a date that is before the time you started experiencing the problems.
1	156	Cannot access the Internet or web browsing is slow	0	Reset Internet Explorer (IE) back to its default settings and clear the temporary internet files. In IE click on Tools and then Internet Options. Click on the Advanced tab and then click on Reset. Tick the box next to 'Delete Personal Settings' to delete temporary internet files. Note: you will not lose your Favorites. Close and then reopen IE.	1	If you have another web browser installed (such as Mozilla Firefox or Google Chrome), try running that and see if you can browse the web. If you can't, then there may be connectivity problems.
0	156	Cannot access the Internet or web browsing is slow	1	If you have another web browser installed (such as Mozilla Firefox or Google Chrome), try running that and see if you can browse the web. If you can't, then there may be connectivity problems.	0	Reset Internet Explorer (IE) back to its default settings and clear the temporary internet files. In IE click on Tools and then Internet Options. Click on the Advanced tab and then click on Reset. Tick the box next to 'Delete Personal Settings' to delete temporary internet files. Note: you will not lose your Favorites. Close and then reopen IE.
1	156	Cannot access the Internet or web browsing is slow	0	Reset Internet Explorer (IE) back to its default settings and clear the temporary internet files. In IE click on Tools and then Internet Options. Click on the Advanced tab and then click on Reset. Tick the box next to 'Delete Personal Settings' to delete temporary internet files. Note: you will not lose your Favorites. Close and then reopen IE.	2	If you are having problems accessing your e-mail via Outlook as well as the internet, try restarting your computer.
0	156	Cannot access the Internet or web browsing is slow	2	If you are having problems accessing your e-mail via Outlook as well as the internet, try restarting your computer.	0	Reset Internet Explorer (IE) back to its default settings and clear the temporary internet files. In IE click on Tools and then Internet Options. Click on the Advanced tab and then click on Reset. Tick the box next to 'Delete Personal Settings' to delete temporary internet files. Note: you will not lose your Favorites. Close and then reopen IE.
1	156	Cannot access the Internet or web browsing is slow	1	If you have another web browser installed (such as Mozilla Firefox or Google Chrome), try running that and see if you can browse the web. If you can't, then there may be connectivity problems.	2	If you are having problems accessing your e-mail via Outlook as well as the internet, try restarting your computer.
0	156	Cannot access the Internet or web browsing is slow	2	If you are having problems accessing your e-mail via Outlook as well as the internet, try restarting your computer.	1	If you have another web browser installed (such as Mozilla Firefox or Google Chrome), try running that and see if you can browse the web. If you can't, then there may be connectivity problems.
1	157	Cannot access e-mail	0	Restart Outlook. You should be prompted for a username and password when Outlook starts.Outlook Authorisation on Windows 7	1	Try accessing your e-mail via Outlook Web Access. If you can, then Outlook itself is having problems. If you can't, then there may be a problem with the e-mail servers.
0	157	Cannot access e-mail	1	Try accessing your e-mail via Outlook Web Access. If you can, then Outlook itself is having problems. If you can't, then there may be a problem with the e-mail servers.	0	Restart Outlook. You should be prompted for a username and password when Outlook starts.Outlook Authorisation on Windows 7
1	157	Cannot access e-mail	0	Restart Outlook. You should be prompted for a username and password when Outlook starts.Outlook Authorisation on Windows 7	2	Check ICT's service status page to see if there are any general e-mail issues.
0	157	Cannot access e-mail	2	Check ICT's service status page to see if there are any general e-mail issues.	0	Restart Outlook. You should be prompted for a username and password when Outlook starts.Outlook Authorisation on Windows 7
1	157	Cannot access e-mail	1	Try accessing your e-mail via Outlook Web Access. If you can, then Outlook itself is having problems. If you can't, then there may be a problem with the e-mail servers.	2	Check ICT's service status page to see if there are any general e-mail issues.
0	157	Cannot access e-mail	2	Check ICT's service status page to see if there are any general e-mail issues.	1	Try accessing your e-mail via Outlook Web Access. If you can, then Outlook itself is having problems. If you can't, then there may be a problem with the e-mail servers.
1	158	Issues with Microsoft Office	0	For Office 2007, run the Microsoft Office Diagnostics tool: Click on Start -> All Programs -> Microsoft Office -> Microsoft Office Tools -> Microsoft Office Diagnostics. Click on Continue to start the tests and repair any problems found, as shown:	1	For Office 2010, run the Repair tool: Click on Start -> Control Panel -> Programs & Features (or Add/Remove Programs in Windows XP). Click on 'Microsoft Office Professional Plus 2010' and then click on the Change button in the toolbar. Choose Repair and click on Continue, as shown:
0	158	Issues with Microsoft Office	1	For Office 2010, run the Repair tool: Click on Start -> Control Panel -> Programs & Features (or Add/Remove Programs in Windows XP). Click on 'Microsoft Office Professional Plus 2010' and then click on the Change button in the toolbar. Choose Repair and click on Continue, as shown:	0	For Office 2007, run the Microsoft Office Diagnostics tool: Click on Start -> All Programs -> Microsoft Office -> Microsoft Office Tools -> Microsoft Office Diagnostics. Click on Continue to start the tests and repair any problems found, as shown:
1	165	Display image issues	0	Try turning iPhone off and then on again.	1	Verify the issue is not content related, by viewing different content.
0	165	Display image issues	1	Verify the issue is not content related, by viewing different content.	0	Try turning iPhone off and then on again.
1	165	Display image issues	0	Try turning iPhone off and then on again.	2	If the image is too dark, adjust the brightness. In General Settings choose Brightness and Wallpaper and slide the slider.
0	165	Display image issues	2	If the image is too dark, adjust the brightness. In General Settings choose Brightness and Wallpaper and slide the slider.	0	Try turning iPhone off and then on again.
1	165	Display image issues	1	Verify the issue is not content related, by viewing different content.	2	If the image is too dark, adjust the brightness. In General Settings choose Brightness and Wallpaper and slide the slider.
0	165	Display image issues	2	If the image is too dark, adjust the brightness. In General Settings choose Brightness and Wallpaper and slide the slider.	1	Verify the issue is not content related, by viewing different content.
1	166	Display does not go into landscape mode	0	Remember that photos, webpages, and applications will not change viewing-orientation modes when iPhone is lying flat. Hold iPhone vertically to switch between portrait and landscape modes or vice versa.	1	Verify that rotation lock is not on.
0	166	Display does not go into landscape mode	1	Verify that rotation lock is not on.	0	Remember that photos, webpages, and applications will not change viewing-orientation modes when iPhone is lying flat. Hold iPhone vertically to switch between portrait and landscape modes or vice versa.
1	166	Display does not go into landscape mode	0	Remember that photos, webpages, and applications will not change viewing-orientation modes when iPhone is lying flat. Hold iPhone vertically to switch between portrait and landscape modes or vice versa.	2	To test, open the Calculator application while holding the iPhone vertically (portrait mode). The standard calculator should appear. Then rotate the iPhone to a horizontal position (landscape mode), and the scientific calculator should appear.
0	166	Display does not go into landscape mode	2	To test, open the Calculator application while holding the iPhone vertically (portrait mode). The standard calculator should appear. Then rotate the iPhone to a horizontal position (landscape mode), and the scientific calculator should appear.	0	Remember that photos, webpages, and applications will not change viewing-orientation modes when iPhone is lying flat. Hold iPhone vertically to switch between portrait and landscape modes or vice versa.
1	166	Display does not go into landscape mode	1	Verify that rotation lock is not on.	2	To test, open the Calculator application while holding the iPhone vertically (portrait mode). The standard calculator should appear. Then rotate the iPhone to a horizontal position (landscape mode), and the scientific calculator should appear.
0	166	Display does not go into landscape mode	2	To test, open the Calculator application while holding the iPhone vertically (portrait mode). The standard calculator should appear. Then rotate the iPhone to a horizontal position (landscape mode), and the scientific calculator should appear.	1	Verify that rotation lock is not on.
1	170	Display shows a white screen	0	Try turning iPhone off and then on again.	1	If the iPhone will not turn off, try to reset it.
0	170	Display shows a white screen	1	If the iPhone will not turn off, try to reset it.	0	Try turning iPhone off and then on again.
1	170	Display shows a white screen	0	Try turning iPhone off and then on again.	2	If that doesn't work, try restoring the device.
0	170	Display shows a white screen	2	If that doesn't work, try restoring the device.	0	Try turning iPhone off and then on again.
1	170	Display shows a white screen	1	If the iPhone will not turn off, try to reset it.	2	If that doesn't work, try restoring the device.
0	170	Display shows a white screen	2	If that doesn't work, try restoring the device.	1	If the iPhone will not turn off, try to reset it.
1	172	Screen will not lock or go black when answering calls	0	Verify mute or speaker have not been activated, just prior to placing your ear over the receiver.	1	While on a call hold your hand over the top third of the display, and verify that the screen is locked or goes to sleep.
0	172	Screen will not lock or go black when answering calls	1	While on a call hold your hand over the top third of the display, and verify that the screen is locked or goes to sleep.	0	Verify mute or speaker have not been activated, just prior to placing your ear over the receiver.
1	172	Screen will not lock or go black when answering calls	0	Verify mute or speaker have not been activated, just prior to placing your ear over the receiver.	2	Try turning iPhone off and then on again.
0	172	Screen will not lock or go black when answering calls	2	Try turning iPhone off and then on again.	0	Verify mute or speaker have not been activated, just prior to placing your ear over the receiver.
1	172	Screen will not lock or go black when answering calls	1	While on a call hold your hand over the top third of the display, and verify that the screen is locked or goes to sleep.	2	Try turning iPhone off and then on again.
0	172	Screen will not lock or go black when answering calls	2	Try turning iPhone off and then on again.	1	While on a call hold your hand over the top third of the display, and verify that the screen is locked or goes to sleep.
1	177	Will not go into airplane mode	0	Try turning iPhone off and then on again.	1	From the Home screen Tap Settings and turn airplane mode on. When airplane mode is on, appears in the status bar at the top of the screen, and no cell phone, radio, Wi-Fi, or Bluetooth signals are emitted from iPhone.
0	177	Will not go into airplane mode	1	From the Home screen Tap Settings and turn airplane mode on. When airplane mode is on, appears in the status bar at the top of the screen, and no cell phone, radio, Wi-Fi, or Bluetooth signals are emitted from iPhone.	0	Try turning iPhone off and then on again.
1	202	What can I do about video problems, such as green or pink lines appearing in the video, flickering or choppy video, the Player stops responding when playing video, and so on?	0	If the problem affects all or most of the video files you play (as opposed to just a few specific files), the driver software for your video card (also known as a display adapter, video adapter, graphics adapter, or graphics board) might be out-of-date. Check for updates for the driver software for your video card and for updates to Microsoft DirectX by doing the following. Open Windows Update by clicking the Start button , clicking All Programs, and then clicking Windows Update. In the left pane, click Check for updates, and then wait while Windows looks for the latest updates for your computer. If any updates are found, click Install updates. If you are prompted for an administrator password or confirmation, type the password or provide confirmation.	1	In some cases, you might need to download the driver software directly from the website of your computer manufacturer or video card manufacturer.
0	202	What can I do about video problems, such as green or pink lines appearing in the video, flickering or choppy video, the Player stops responding when playing video, and so on?	1	In some cases, you might need to download the driver software directly from the website of your computer manufacturer or video card manufacturer.	0	If the problem affects all or most of the video files you play (as opposed to just a few specific files), the driver software for your video card (also known as a display adapter, video adapter, graphics adapter, or graphics board) might be out-of-date. Check for updates for the driver software for your video card and for updates to Microsoft DirectX by doing the following. Open Windows Update by clicking the Start button , clicking All Programs, and then clicking Windows Update. In the left pane, click Check for updates, and then wait while Windows looks for the latest updates for your computer. If any updates are found, click Install updates. If you are prompted for an administrator password or confirmation, type the password or provide confirmation.
1	202	What can I do about video problems, such as green or pink lines appearing in the video, flickering or choppy video, the Player stops responding when playing video, and so on?	0	If the problem affects all or most of the video files you play (as opposed to just a few specific files), the driver software for your video card (also known as a display adapter, video adapter, graphics adapter, or graphics board) might be out-of-date. Check for updates for the driver software for your video card and for updates to Microsoft DirectX by doing the following. Open Windows Update by clicking the Start button , clicking All Programs, and then clicking Windows Update. In the left pane, click Check for updates, and then wait while Windows looks for the latest updates for your computer. If any updates are found, click Install updates. If you are prompted for an administrator password or confirmation, type the password or provide confirmation.	2	If updating your driver software doesn't solve the problem, try reducing (or turning off) video hardware acceleration by doing the following. Open Display Settings by clicking the Start button , clicking Control Panel, clicking Appearance and Personalization, clicking Personalization, and then clicking Display Settings. Click Advanced Settings, click the Troubleshoot tab, and then click Change settings. Note that some video card drivers do not permit you to change settings. Move the Hardware acceleration slider toward None to reduce or turn off video hardware accelerati
0	202	What can I do about video problems, such as green or pink lines appearing in the video, flickering or choppy video, the Player stops responding when playing video, and so on?	2	If updating your driver software doesn't solve the problem, try reducing (or turning off) video hardware acceleration by doing the following. Open Display Settings by clicking the Start button , clicking Control Panel, clicking Appearance and Personalization, clicking Personalization, and then clicking Display Settings. Click Advanced Settings, click the Troubleshoot tab, and then click Change settings. Note that some video card drivers do not permit you to change settings. Move the Hardware acceleration slider toward None to reduce or turn off video hardware accelerati	0	If the problem affects all or most of the video files you play (as opposed to just a few specific files), the driver software for your video card (also known as a display adapter, video adapter, graphics adapter, or graphics board) might be out-of-date. Check for updates for the driver software for your video card and for updates to Microsoft DirectX by doing the following. Open Windows Update by clicking the Start button , clicking All Programs, and then clicking Windows Update. In the left pane, click Check for updates, and then wait while Windows looks for the latest updates for your computer. If any updates are found, click Install updates. If you are prompted for an administrator password or confirmation, type the password or provide confirmation.
1	202	What can I do about video problems, such as green or pink lines appearing in the video, flickering or choppy video, the Player stops responding when playing video, and so on?	1	In some cases, you might need to download the driver software directly from the website of your computer manufacturer or video card manufacturer.	2	If updating your driver software doesn't solve the problem, try reducing (or turning off) video hardware acceleration by doing the following. Open Display Settings by clicking the Start button , clicking Control Panel, clicking Appearance and Personalization, clicking Personalization, and then clicking Display Settings. Click Advanced Settings, click the Troubleshoot tab, and then click Change settings. Note that some video card drivers do not permit you to change settings. Move the Hardware acceleration slider toward None to reduce or turn off video hardware accelerati
0	202	What can I do about video problems, such as green or pink lines appearing in the video, flickering or choppy video, the Player stops responding when playing video, and so on?	2	If updating your driver software doesn't solve the problem, try reducing (or turning off) video hardware acceleration by doing the following. Open Display Settings by clicking the Start button , clicking Control Panel, clicking Appearance and Personalization, clicking Personalization, and then clicking Display Settings. Click Advanced Settings, click the Troubleshoot tab, and then click Change settings. Note that some video card drivers do not permit you to change settings. Move the Hardware acceleration slider toward None to reduce or turn off video hardware accelerati	1	In some cases, you might need to download the driver software directly from the website of your computer manufacturer or video card manufacturer.
1	203	Why can't I play, burn, or sync protected files that I downloaded from an online store?	0	You copied the protected file from one computer to another and the online store has not issued you new media usage rights (also known as a license) for the second computer. In some cases, you might be able to resolve the problem by connecting to the Internet, signing in to your online store, and then attempting to play the file. In other cases, you might need to download the file again from the online store, go to the online store's website and add the second computer to your account, or contact the online store for further assistance.	1	The media usage rights that the online store issued to you might restrict the way in which you can use the file. For example, your online store account type might permit you to play files, but not to burn them to audio CDs. If this is the case, you might be able to burn the file to an audio CD if you purchase the file from the online store (as opposed to "renting" the file as part of a monthly subscription account).
0	203	Why can't I play, burn, or sync protected files that I downloaded from an online store?	1	The media usage rights that the online store issued to you might restrict the way in which you can use the file. For example, your online store account type might permit you to play files, but not to burn them to audio CDs. If this is the case, you might be able to burn the file to an audio CD if you purchase the file from the online store (as opposed to "renting" the file as part of a monthly subscription account).	0	You copied the protected file from one computer to another and the online store has not issued you new media usage rights (also known as a license) for the second computer. In some cases, you might be able to resolve the problem by connecting to the Internet, signing in to your online store, and then attempting to play the file. In other cases, you might need to download the file again from the online store, go to the online store's website and add the second computer to your account, or contact the online store for further assistance.
1	203	Why can't I play, burn, or sync protected files that I downloaded from an online store?	0	You copied the protected file from one computer to another and the online store has not issued you new media usage rights (also known as a license) for the second computer. In some cases, you might be able to resolve the problem by connecting to the Internet, signing in to your online store, and then attempting to play the file. In other cases, you might need to download the file again from the online store, go to the online store's website and add the second computer to your account, or contact the online store for further assistance.	2	The digital rights management (DRM) components on your computer are out-of-date or are corrupted. In some cases, you might be able resolve the problem by connecting to the Internet, attempting to play a protected file, and then accepting any prompts that appear to update your DRM components.
0	203	Why can't I play, burn, or sync protected files that I downloaded from an online store?	2	The digital rights management (DRM) components on your computer are out-of-date or are corrupted. In some cases, you might be able resolve the problem by connecting to the Internet, attempting to play a protected file, and then accepting any prompts that appear to update your DRM components.	0	You copied the protected file from one computer to another and the online store has not issued you new media usage rights (also known as a license) for the second computer. In some cases, you might be able to resolve the problem by connecting to the Internet, signing in to your online store, and then attempting to play the file. In other cases, you might need to download the file again from the online store, go to the online store's website and add the second computer to your account, or contact the online store for further assistance.
1	203	Why can't I play, burn, or sync protected files that I downloaded from an online store?	1	The media usage rights that the online store issued to you might restrict the way in which you can use the file. For example, your online store account type might permit you to play files, but not to burn them to audio CDs. If this is the case, you might be able to burn the file to an audio CD if you purchase the file from the online store (as opposed to "renting" the file as part of a monthly subscription account).	2	The digital rights management (DRM) components on your computer are out-of-date or are corrupted. In some cases, you might be able resolve the problem by connecting to the Internet, attempting to play a protected file, and then accepting any prompts that appear to update your DRM components.
0	203	Why can't I play, burn, or sync protected files that I downloaded from an online store?	2	The digital rights management (DRM) components on your computer are out-of-date or are corrupted. In some cases, you might be able resolve the problem by connecting to the Internet, attempting to play a protected file, and then accepting any prompts that appear to update your DRM components.	1	The media usage rights that the online store issued to you might restrict the way in which you can use the file. For example, your online store account type might permit you to play files, but not to burn them to audio CDs. If this is the case, you might be able to burn the file to an audio CD if you purchase the file from the online store (as opposed to "renting" the file as part of a monthly subscription account).
1	207	I installed a font, but I don't see it in the font menu of a program.	0	If the program was open when you installed the font, the program might not register the font. Try closing and then reopening the program.	1	Check the compatibility of the fonts. The font you're using might not work with a particular program.
0	207	I installed a font, but I don't see it in the font menu of a program.	1	Check the compatibility of the fonts. The font you're using might not work with a particular program.	0	If the program was open when you installed the font, the program might not register the font. Try closing and then reopening the program.
1	207	I installed a font, but I don't see it in the font menu of a program.	0	If the program was open when you installed the font, the program might not register the font. Try closing and then reopening the program.	2	There might only be one of the two necessary files in your font folder. Some fonts require that you install two files in the same folder: a bitmap file for the on-screen font, and an outline file for the printer. The bitmap file might be missing. Try contacting the font creator to see if there is a bitmap file you can install. If there isn't a bitmap file, you might try using a different font.
0	207	I installed a font, but I don't see it in the font menu of a program.	2	There might only be one of the two necessary files in your font folder. Some fonts require that you install two files in the same folder: a bitmap file for the on-screen font, and an outline file for the printer. The bitmap file might be missing. Try contacting the font creator to see if there is a bitmap file you can install. If there isn't a bitmap file, you might try using a different font.	0	If the program was open when you installed the font, the program might not register the font. Try closing and then reopening the program.
1	207	I installed a font, but I don't see it in the font menu of a program.	1	Check the compatibility of the fonts. The font you're using might not work with a particular program.	2	There might only be one of the two necessary files in your font folder. Some fonts require that you install two files in the same folder: a bitmap file for the on-screen font, and an outline file for the printer. The bitmap file might be missing. Try contacting the font creator to see if there is a bitmap file you can install. If there isn't a bitmap file, you might try using a different font.
0	207	I installed a font, but I don't see it in the font menu of a program.	2	There might only be one of the two necessary files in your font folder. Some fonts require that you install two files in the same folder: a bitmap file for the on-screen font, and an outline file for the printer. The bitmap file might be missing. Try contacting the font creator to see if there is a bitmap file you can install. If there isn't a bitmap file, you might try using a different font.	1	Check the compatibility of the fonts. The font you're using might not work with a particular program.
1	210	My DVD failed to burn. What can I do?	0	Verify that the DVD burner is connected properly to your computer and powered on, and that any necessary software drivers for the DVD burner are installed. You can check your hardware settings in the Device Manager by doing the following: Click Start, and then click Control Panel. Click Hardware and Sound. Click Device Manager.	1	Make sure that the videos you're trying to burn are not corrupted. To see whether the videos you want to burn are corrupted, try playing or viewing them using Windows Media Player. If the files don't play using the Player, Windows DVD Maker cannot burn them.
0	210	My DVD failed to burn. What can I do?	1	Make sure that the videos you're trying to burn are not corrupted. To see whether the videos you want to burn are corrupted, try playing or viewing them using Windows Media Player. If the files don't play using the Player, Windows DVD Maker cannot burn them.	0	Verify that the DVD burner is connected properly to your computer and powered on, and that any necessary software drivers for the DVD burner are installed. You can check your hardware settings in the Device Manager by doing the following: Click Start, and then click Control Panel. Click Hardware and Sound. Click Device Manager.
1	210	My DVD failed to burn. What can I do?	0	Verify that the DVD burner is connected properly to your computer and powered on, and that any necessary software drivers for the DVD burner are installed. You can check your hardware settings in the Device Manager by doing the following: Click Start, and then click Control Panel. Click Hardware and Sound. Click Device Manager.	2	Choose a slower burning speed for your DVD burner by doing the following: Return to the Add pictures and video to the DVD page, and then click Options. In the DVD burner speed box, select Medium or Slow.
0	210	My DVD failed to burn. What can I do?	2	Choose a slower burning speed for your DVD burner by doing the following: Return to the Add pictures and video to the DVD page, and then click Options. In the DVD burner speed box, select Medium or Slow.	0	Verify that the DVD burner is connected properly to your computer and powered on, and that any necessary software drivers for the DVD burner are installed. You can check your hardware settings in the Device Manager by doing the following: Click Start, and then click Control Panel. Click Hardware and Sound. Click Device Manager.
1	210	My DVD failed to burn. What can I do?	1	Make sure that the videos you're trying to burn are not corrupted. To see whether the videos you want to burn are corrupted, try playing or viewing them using Windows Media Player. If the files don't play using the Player, Windows DVD Maker cannot burn them.	2	Choose a slower burning speed for your DVD burner by doing the following: Return to the Add pictures and video to the DVD page, and then click Options. In the DVD burner speed box, select Medium or Slow.
0	210	My DVD failed to burn. What can I do?	2	Choose a slower burning speed for your DVD burner by doing the following: Return to the Add pictures and video to the DVD page, and then click Options. In the DVD burner speed box, select Medium or Slow.	1	Make sure that the videos you're trying to burn are not corrupted. To see whether the videos you want to burn are corrupted, try playing or viewing them using Windows Media Player. If the files don't play using the Player, Windows DVD Maker cannot burn them.
1	211	Why won't my DVD play in some DVD players?	0	The disc type may not be compatible. Some DVD players or DVD-ROM drives can only play certain kinds of DVDs. For example, some DVD players only play DVD+R or DVD+RW discs, while others only play DVD-R or DVD-RW discs.	1	The disc format may not be compatible. If you burn a DVD using the PAL format, you will not be able to play that DVD using a player that only supports the NTSC format, and vice versa.
0	211	Why won't my DVD play in some DVD players?	1	The disc format may not be compatible. If you burn a DVD using the PAL format, you will not be able to play that DVD using a player that only supports the NTSC format, and vice versa.	0	The disc type may not be compatible. Some DVD players or DVD-ROM drives can only play certain kinds of DVDs. For example, some DVD players only play DVD+R or DVD+RW discs, while others only play DVD-R or DVD-RW discs.
1	211	Why won't my DVD play in some DVD players?	0	The disc type may not be compatible. Some DVD players or DVD-ROM drives can only play certain kinds of DVDs. For example, some DVD players only play DVD+R or DVD+RW discs, while others only play DVD-R or DVD-RW discs.	2	The disc quality may be too low. Some DVD players or DVD-ROM drives will not play DVDs if the disc is not in good repair or if it is not a high-quality disc. If your player can't play a DVD, you can try burning it again using a higher-quality DVD.
0	211	Why won't my DVD play in some DVD players?	2	The disc quality may be too low. Some DVD players or DVD-ROM drives will not play DVDs if the disc is not in good repair or if it is not a high-quality disc. If your player can't play a DVD, you can try burning it again using a higher-quality DVD.	0	The disc type may not be compatible. Some DVD players or DVD-ROM drives can only play certain kinds of DVDs. For example, some DVD players only play DVD+R or DVD+RW discs, while others only play DVD-R or DVD-RW discs.
1	211	Why won't my DVD play in some DVD players?	1	The disc format may not be compatible. If you burn a DVD using the PAL format, you will not be able to play that DVD using a player that only supports the NTSC format, and vice versa.	2	The disc quality may be too low. Some DVD players or DVD-ROM drives will not play DVDs if the disc is not in good repair or if it is not a high-quality disc. If your player can't play a DVD, you can try burning it again using a higher-quality DVD.
0	211	Why won't my DVD play in some DVD players?	2	The disc quality may be too low. Some DVD players or DVD-ROM drives will not play DVDs if the disc is not in good repair or if it is not a high-quality disc. If your player can't play a DVD, you can try burning it again using a higher-quality DVD.	1	The disc format may not be compatible. If you burn a DVD using the PAL format, you will not be able to play that DVD using a player that only supports the NTSC format, and vice versa.
1	216	I can only reach some websites.	0	Your browser could be attempting to connect through a proxy server. If so, try connecting with the proxy server turned off. For more information, see Change proxy settings in Internet Explorer.	1	Your browser connection settings could be incorrect. For more information, see Internet Explorer Connections settings: recommended links.
0	216	I can only reach some websites.	1	Your browser connection settings could be incorrect. For more information, see Internet Explorer Connections settings: recommended links.	0	Your browser could be attempting to connect through a proxy server. If so, try connecting with the proxy server turned off. For more information, see Change proxy settings in Internet Explorer.
1	216	I can only reach some websites.	0	Your browser could be attempting to connect through a proxy server. If so, try connecting with the proxy server turned off. For more information, see Change proxy settings in Internet Explorer.	2	Your router could be attempting to proxy DNS requests and failing. Refer to the documentation that came with your router for instructions on disabling DNS proxying.
0	216	I can only reach some websites.	2	Your router could be attempting to proxy DNS requests and failing. Refer to the documentation that came with your router for instructions on disabling DNS proxying.	0	Your browser could be attempting to connect through a proxy server. If so, try connecting with the proxy server turned off. For more information, see Change proxy settings in Internet Explorer.
1	216	I can only reach some websites.	1	Your browser connection settings could be incorrect. For more information, see Internet Explorer Connections settings: recommended links.	2	Your router could be attempting to proxy DNS requests and failing. Refer to the documentation that came with your router for instructions on disabling DNS proxying.
0	216	I can only reach some websites.	2	Your router could be attempting to proxy DNS requests and failing. Refer to the documentation that came with your router for instructions on disabling DNS proxying.	1	Your browser connection settings could be incorrect. For more information, see Internet Explorer Connections settings: recommended links.
1	219	Scratch-out gestures don't work in Input Panel.	0	In Input Panel, tap Tools, and then tap Options. Tap the Gestures tab, and make sure that All scratch-out and strikethrough gestures is selected.	1	Your system administrator might have turned off the scratch-out gestures. For more information, see Why won't Windows allow me to change a system setting?
0	219	Scratch-out gestures don't work in Input Panel.	1	Your system administrator might have turned off the scratch-out gestures. For more information, see Why won't Windows allow me to change a system setting?	0	In Input Panel, tap Tools, and then tap Options. Tap the Gestures tab, and make sure that All scratch-out and strikethrough gestures is selected.
1	221	I can't send or receive a fax after I set up my computer to work with a fax server.	0	Make sure that your computer is connected to the network where the fax server is installed. You can also find out whether your computer is connected to the fax server by following these steps: Click the Start button , click All Programs, and then click Windows Fax and Scan. To use Fax view, at the bottom of the left pane, click Fax. Click the Tools menu, click Fax Accounts, and then check the status of the fax server.	1	If the fax server is offline, there might be a problem with the network or the device. To find out whether the fax server is powered on and connected to the network, or if network connectivity issues are preventing you from using the server, contact an administrator. You might also need to contact an administrator to make sure that you have permission to use the fax server.
0	221	I can't send or receive a fax after I set up my computer to work with a fax server.	1	If the fax server is offline, there might be a problem with the network or the device. To find out whether the fax server is powered on and connected to the network, or if network connectivity issues are preventing you from using the server, contact an administrator. You might also need to contact an administrator to make sure that you have permission to use the fax server.	0	Make sure that your computer is connected to the network where the fax server is installed. You can also find out whether your computer is connected to the fax server by following these steps: Click the Start button , click All Programs, and then click Windows Fax and Scan. To use Fax view, at the bottom of the left pane, click Fax. Click the Tools menu, click Fax Accounts, and then check the status of the fax server.
1	229	Intermittent connectivity	0	The symptom of this issue is when the wireless client loses connectivity every 3 minutes or so. If you only have logs to do troubleshooting, the Eapol.log file shows the EAPOL component running through various authentication states.	1	Obtain and install the most recent version of the wireless network adapter driver.
0	229	Intermittent connectivity	1	Obtain and install the most recent version of the wireless network adapter driver.	0	The symptom of this issue is when the wireless client loses connectivity every 3 minutes or so. If you only have logs to do troubleshooting, the Eapol.log file shows the EAPOL component running through various authentication states.
1	229	Intermittent connectivity	0	The symptom of this issue is when the wireless client loses connectivity every 3 minutes or so. If you only have logs to do troubleshooting, the Eapol.log file shows the EAPOL component running through various authentication states.	2	Look for unexpected disconnects in the Wzctrace.log file.
0	229	Intermittent connectivity	2	Look for unexpected disconnects in the Wzctrace.log file.	0	The symptom of this issue is when the wireless client loses connectivity every 3 minutes or so. If you only have logs to do troubleshooting, the Eapol.log file shows the EAPOL component running through various authentication states.
1	229	Intermittent connectivity	1	Obtain and install the most recent version of the wireless network adapter driver.	2	Look for unexpected disconnects in the Wzctrace.log file.
0	229	Intermittent connectivity	2	Look for unexpected disconnects in the Wzctrace.log file.	1	Obtain and install the most recent version of the wireless network adapter driver.
1	230	Incorrect, missing or stale visible networks	0	Look through the Wzctrace.log file to see the list of visible networks that the wireless network adapter driver is returning.	1	Obtain and install the most recent version of the wireless network adapter driver.
0	230	Incorrect, missing or stale visible networks	1	Obtain and install the most recent version of the wireless network adapter driver.	0	Look through the Wzctrace.log file to see the list of visible networks that the wireless network adapter driver is returning.
1	230	Incorrect, missing or stale visible networks	0	Look through the Wzctrace.log file to see the list of visible networks that the wireless network adapter driver is returning.	2	Run diagnostic functions on the wireless network adapter or wireless AP.
0	230	Incorrect, missing or stale visible networks	2	Run diagnostic functions on the wireless network adapter or wireless AP.	0	Look through the Wzctrace.log file to see the list of visible networks that the wireless network adapter driver is returning.
1	230	Incorrect, missing or stale visible networks	1	Obtain and install the most recent version of the wireless network adapter driver.	2	Run diagnostic functions on the wireless network adapter or wireless AP.
0	230	Incorrect, missing or stale visible networks	2	Run diagnostic functions on the wireless network adapter or wireless AP.	1	Obtain and install the most recent version of the wireless network adapter driver.
1	232	Wireless connection problems when performing a suspend and resume with a laptop computer	0	Obtain and install the most recent version of the wireless network adapter driver.	1	Look in the Wzctrace.log file for wireless network adapter driver errors.
0	232	Wireless connection problems when performing a suspend and resume with a laptop computer	1	Look in the Wzctrace.log file for wireless network adapter driver errors.	0	Obtain and install the most recent version of the wireless network adapter driver.
1	233	Wireless Networks tab is not present for the properties of the wireless network adapter in the Network Connections folder or there are no visible wireless networks	0	Check to see if the Wireless Zero Configuration or Wireless Configuration services are running with the sc query wzcsvc command.	1	With the Services snap-in, ensure that the Wireless Zero Configuration or Wireless Configuration services are configured to start automatically.
0	233	Wireless Networks tab is not present for the properties of the wireless network adapter in the Network Connections folder or there are no visible wireless networks	1	With the Services snap-in, ensure that the Wireless Zero Configuration or Wireless Configuration services are configured to start automatically.	0	Check to see if the Wireless Zero Configuration or Wireless Configuration services are running with the sc query wzcsvc command.
1	233	Wireless Networks tab is not present for the properties of the wireless network adapter in the Network Connections folder or there are no visible wireless networks	0	Check to see if the Wireless Zero Configuration or Wireless Configuration services are running with the sc query wzcsvc command.	2	A wireless network adapter driver failing in early stages of service startup may result in the Wireless Zero Configuration or Wireless Configuration service not initializing over that interface.
0	233	Wireless Networks tab is not present for the properties of the wireless network adapter in the Network Connections folder or there are no visible wireless networks	2	A wireless network adapter driver failing in early stages of service startup may result in the Wireless Zero Configuration or Wireless Configuration service not initializing over that interface.	0	Check to see if the Wireless Zero Configuration or Wireless Configuration services are running with the sc query wzcsvc command.
1	233	Wireless Networks tab is not present for the properties of the wireless network adapter in the Network Connections folder or there are no visible wireless networks	1	With the Services snap-in, ensure that the Wireless Zero Configuration or Wireless Configuration services are configured to start automatically.	2	A wireless network adapter driver failing in early stages of service startup may result in the Wireless Zero Configuration or Wireless Configuration service not initializing over that interface.
0	233	Wireless Networks tab is not present for the properties of the wireless network adapter in the Network Connections folder or there are no visible wireless networks	2	A wireless network adapter driver failing in early stages of service startup may result in the Wireless Zero Configuration or Wireless Configuration service not initializing over that interface.	1	With the Services snap-in, ensure that the Wireless Zero Configuration or Wireless Configuration services are configured to start automatically.
1	234	Why didn't the Guide download successfully?	0	Your computer is not connected to the Internet or there is a problem with your Internet settings. If your computer connects to the Internet by using a dial-up connection, make sure that the dial-up connection is configured properly. For information about how to configure a dial-up connection for use in Windows Media Center, see Troubleshoot problems with an Internet connection.	1	The Guide server is not available or is temporarily out of service. If the Guide Setup was previously successfully completed, Windows Media Center will try to download it again daily.
0	234	Why didn't the Guide download successfully?	1	The Guide server is not available or is temporarily out of service. If the Guide Setup was previously successfully completed, Windows Media Center will try to download it again daily.	0	Your computer is not connected to the Internet or there is a problem with your Internet settings. If your computer connects to the Internet by using a dial-up connection, make sure that the dial-up connection is configured properly. For information about how to configure a dial-up connection for use in Windows Media Center, see Troubleshoot problems with an Internet connection.
1	234	Why didn't the Guide download successfully?	0	Your computer is not connected to the Internet or there is a problem with your Internet settings. If your computer connects to the Internet by using a dial-up connection, make sure that the dial-up connection is configured properly. For information about how to configure a dial-up connection for use in Windows Media Center, see Troubleshoot problems with an Internet connection.	2	The Guide service provider does not have Guide information for your location.
0	234	Why didn't the Guide download successfully?	2	The Guide service provider does not have Guide information for your location.	0	Your computer is not connected to the Internet or there is a problem with your Internet settings. If your computer connects to the Internet by using a dial-up connection, make sure that the dial-up connection is configured properly. For information about how to configure a dial-up connection for use in Windows Media Center, see Troubleshoot problems with an Internet connection.
1	234	Why didn't the Guide download successfully?	1	The Guide server is not available or is temporarily out of service. If the Guide Setup was previously successfully completed, Windows Media Center will try to download it again daily.	2	The Guide service provider does not have Guide information for your location.
0	234	Why didn't the Guide download successfully?	2	The Guide service provider does not have Guide information for your location.	1	The Guide server is not available or is temporarily out of service. If the Guide Setup was previously successfully completed, Windows Media Center will try to download it again daily.
1	236	A computer or device is not placed correctly on the map.	0	The computer is running Windows Vista and is connected to a network that is assigned to the "Public place" network location. When a computer is on a network assigned to the Public place location, Windows cannot correctly place it on the network map. To fix this problem, you can try changing the network location to "Private" or connecting to a network that is assigned to the "Private" network location. For more information about network locations, see Choosing a network location.	1	The computer is running Windows XP and the LLTD protocol is not installed. Before a computer running Windows XP can be detected and placed correctly on the network map, you need to install the Link Layer Topology Discovery (LLTD) protocol on that computer. For more information about how to display computers running Windows XP on the network map, go to Network Map Does Not Display Computers Running Windows XP on the Microsoft website.
0	236	A computer or device is not placed correctly on the map.	1	The computer is running Windows XP and the LLTD protocol is not installed. Before a computer running Windows XP can be detected and placed correctly on the network map, you need to install the Link Layer Topology Discovery (LLTD) protocol on that computer. For more information about how to display computers running Windows XP on the network map, go to Network Map Does Not Display Computers Running Windows XP on the Microsoft website.	0	The computer is running Windows Vista and is connected to a network that is assigned to the "Public place" network location. When a computer is on a network assigned to the Public place location, Windows cannot correctly place it on the network map. To fix this problem, you can try changing the network location to "Private" or connecting to a network that is assigned to the "Private" network location. For more information about network locations, see Choosing a network location.
1	236	A computer or device is not placed correctly on the map.	0	The computer is running Windows Vista and is connected to a network that is assigned to the "Public place" network location. When a computer is on a network assigned to the Public place location, Windows cannot correctly place it on the network map. To fix this problem, you can try changing the network location to "Private" or connecting to a network that is assigned to the "Private" network location. For more information about network locations, see Choosing a network location.	2	The device doesn't support the required protocols for Windows Vista, which can cause some devices to appear on the network map, but not as you'd expect to see them. For example, a router could be shown as three things: a router, a switch, and an access point. Check the information that came with the device to see if it has a Windows Vista logo. If the device has the logo, it should appear correctly on the network map. The device or information that came with the device might also have information about the LLTD protocol or the network map.
0	236	A computer or device is not placed correctly on the map.	2	The device doesn't support the required protocols for Windows Vista, which can cause some devices to appear on the network map, but not as you'd expect to see them. For example, a router could be shown as three things: a router, a switch, and an access point. Check the information that came with the device to see if it has a Windows Vista logo. If the device has the logo, it should appear correctly on the network map. The device or information that came with the device might also have information about the LLTD protocol or the network map.	0	The computer is running Windows Vista and is connected to a network that is assigned to the "Public place" network location. When a computer is on a network assigned to the Public place location, Windows cannot correctly place it on the network map. To fix this problem, you can try changing the network location to "Private" or connecting to a network that is assigned to the "Private" network location. For more information about network locations, see Choosing a network location.
1	236	A computer or device is not placed correctly on the map.	1	The computer is running Windows XP and the LLTD protocol is not installed. Before a computer running Windows XP can be detected and placed correctly on the network map, you need to install the Link Layer Topology Discovery (LLTD) protocol on that computer. For more information about how to display computers running Windows XP on the network map, go to Network Map Does Not Display Computers Running Windows XP on the Microsoft website.	2	The device doesn't support the required protocols for Windows Vista, which can cause some devices to appear on the network map, but not as you'd expect to see them. For example, a router could be shown as three things: a router, a switch, and an access point. Check the information that came with the device to see if it has a Windows Vista logo. If the device has the logo, it should appear correctly on the network map. The device or information that came with the device might also have information about the LLTD protocol or the network map.
0	236	A computer or device is not placed correctly on the map.	2	The device doesn't support the required protocols for Windows Vista, which can cause some devices to appear on the network map, but not as you'd expect to see them. For example, a router could be shown as three things: a router, a switch, and an access point. Check the information that came with the device to see if it has a Windows Vista logo. If the device has the logo, it should appear correctly on the network map. The device or information that came with the device might also have information about the LLTD protocol or the network map.	1	The computer is running Windows XP and the LLTD protocol is not installed. Before a computer running Windows XP can be detected and placed correctly on the network map, you need to install the Link Layer Topology Discovery (LLTD) protocol on that computer. For more information about how to display computers running Windows XP on the network map, go to Network Map Does Not Display Computers Running Windows XP on the Microsoft website.
1	240	Your computer is too far from the wireless router or access point.	0	With 802.11b or 802.11g routers and access points, the maximum range is up to 150 feet (46 meters) indoors and 300 feet (92 meters) outdoors. With 802.11a routers and access points, the maximum range is 50 feet (15 meters) indoors and 100 feet (30 meters) outdoors. These ranges are in optimal conditions with no interference. Make sure that your computer is within this range and as close as possible to the router or access point. If the computer is portable, try moving it around to determine the range of the wireless signal and the best place to put the computer.	1	If you are unable to get closer to the router or access point, you might want to consider buying and installing an external antenna to your wireless network adapter. Many wireless network adapters are set up so that you can attach an external antenna to them, which will provide you with better reception than the built-in antenna. Check the information that came with your wireless network adapter to see if you can install an additional antenna.
0	240	Your computer is too far from the wireless router or access point.	1	If you are unable to get closer to the router or access point, you might want to consider buying and installing an external antenna to your wireless network adapter. Many wireless network adapters are set up so that you can attach an external antenna to them, which will provide you with better reception than the built-in antenna. Check the information that came with your wireless network adapter to see if you can install an additional antenna.	0	With 802.11b or 802.11g routers and access points, the maximum range is up to 150 feet (46 meters) indoors and 300 feet (92 meters) outdoors. With 802.11a routers and access points, the maximum range is 50 feet (15 meters) indoors and 100 feet (30 meters) outdoors. These ranges are in optimal conditions with no interference. Make sure that your computer is within this range and as close as possible to the router or access point. If the computer is portable, try moving it around to determine the range of the wireless signal and the best place to put the computer.
1	241	The wireless router or access point is turned off or is not working properly.	0	Make sure the router or access point is turned on and that the wireless signal light is illuminated.	1	Reset the router or access point by turning it off, waiting at least 10 seconds, and then turning it back on.
0	241	The wireless router or access point is turned off or is not working properly.	1	Reset the router or access point by turning it off, waiting at least 10 seconds, and then turning it back on.	0	Make sure the router or access point is turned on and that the wireless signal light is illuminated.
1	241	The wireless router or access point is turned off or is not working properly.	0	Make sure the router or access point is turned on and that the wireless signal light is illuminated.	2	If you don't own the access point or don't manage the network, contact the network administrator.
0	241	The wireless router or access point is turned off or is not working properly.	2	If you don't own the access point or don't manage the network, contact the network administrator.	0	Make sure the router or access point is turned on and that the wireless signal light is illuminated.
1	241	The wireless router or access point is turned off or is not working properly.	1	Reset the router or access point by turning it off, waiting at least 10 seconds, and then turning it back on.	2	If you don't own the access point or don't manage the network, contact the network administrator.
0	241	The wireless router or access point is turned off or is not working properly.	2	If you don't own the access point or don't manage the network, contact the network administrator.	1	Reset the router or access point by turning it off, waiting at least 10 seconds, and then turning it back on.
1	242	There is interference from other devices.	0	If any devices like these are near your computer, turn them off temporarily or move them farther away.	1	Change the router or access point settings to use a different wireless channel, or set the channel to be selected automatically if it is set to a fixed channel number. Sometimes one wireless channel is clearer than others. In the United States and Canada, you can use channels 1, 6, and 11. Check the information that came with your access point or router for instructions about setting the wireless signal channel.
0	242	There is interference from other devices.	1	Change the router or access point settings to use a different wireless channel, or set the channel to be selected automatically if it is set to a fixed channel number. Sometimes one wireless channel is clearer than others. In the United States and Canada, you can use channels 1, 6, and 11. Check the information that came with your access point or router for instructions about setting the wireless signal channel.	0	If any devices like these are near your computer, turn them off temporarily or move them farther away.
1	247	Why cant I find a recording?	0	Your show might not have been recorded or it might have been recorded and then deleted. You can check the recording history to find out if the show was recorded or deleted. Information on how to do this is included earlier in this topic.	1	The recorded show is located in a folder that is unavailable and different from the folder set up for recording. Make sure that the folder that contains the recording is available and can be accessed from your computer. Also, you can change the default folder to store recorded TV shows by doing the following: On the start screen, scroll to Tasks, click settings, click TV, click Recorder, and then click Recorder Storage. Click either the - or + button next to the Record on drive option to choose a new drive. Click Save, and then go to the recorded tv screen and check for your show again.
0	247	Why cant I find a recording?	1	The recorded show is located in a folder that is unavailable and different from the folder set up for recording. Make sure that the folder that contains the recording is available and can be accessed from your computer. Also, you can change the default folder to store recorded TV shows by doing the following: On the start screen, scroll to Tasks, click settings, click TV, click Recorder, and then click Recorder Storage. Click either the - or + button next to the Record on drive option to choose a new drive. Click Save, and then go to the recorded tv screen and check for your show again.	0	Your show might not have been recorded or it might have been recorded and then deleted. You can check the recording history to find out if the show was recorded or deleted. Information on how to do this is included earlier in this topic.
1	247	Why cant I find a recording?	0	Your show might not have been recorded or it might have been recorded and then deleted. You can check the recording history to find out if the show was recorded or deleted. Information on how to do this is included earlier in this topic.	2	If you still cannot locate your recorded TV show, you can search the Recorded TV folder (the default location is C:\Users\Public\Recorded TV). If you have your recordings stored on an external drive, the folder location might be different (for example, G:\Recorded TV).
0	247	Why cant I find a recording?	2	If you still cannot locate your recorded TV show, you can search the Recorded TV folder (the default location is C:\Users\Public\Recorded TV). If you have your recordings stored on an external drive, the folder location might be different (for example, G:\Recorded TV).	0	Your show might not have been recorded or it might have been recorded and then deleted. You can check the recording history to find out if the show was recorded or deleted. Information on how to do this is included earlier in this topic.
1	247	Why cant I find a recording?	1	The recorded show is located in a folder that is unavailable and different from the folder set up for recording. Make sure that the folder that contains the recording is available and can be accessed from your computer. Also, you can change the default folder to store recorded TV shows by doing the following: On the start screen, scroll to Tasks, click settings, click TV, click Recorder, and then click Recorder Storage. Click either the - or + button next to the Record on drive option to choose a new drive. Click Save, and then go to the recorded tv screen and check for your show again.	2	If you still cannot locate your recorded TV show, you can search the Recorded TV folder (the default location is C:\Users\Public\Recorded TV). If you have your recordings stored on an external drive, the folder location might be different (for example, G:\Recorded TV).
0	247	Why cant I find a recording?	2	If you still cannot locate your recorded TV show, you can search the Recorded TV folder (the default location is C:\Users\Public\Recorded TV). If you have your recordings stored on an external drive, the folder location might be different (for example, G:\Recorded TV).	1	The recorded show is located in a folder that is unavailable and different from the folder set up for recording. Make sure that the folder that contains the recording is available and can be accessed from your computer. Also, you can change the default folder to store recorded TV shows by doing the following: On the start screen, scroll to Tasks, click settings, click TV, click Recorder, and then click Recorder Storage. Click either the - or + button next to the Record on drive option to choose a new drive. Click Save, and then go to the recorded tv screen and check for your show again.
1	248	Why did the wrong channel record?	0	The IR control cable is positioned incorrectly on the front of the set-top box or is not connected, and Windows Media Center cannot send a signal to the set-top box to change a channel.	1	The set-top box TV channel changing speed may have been configured incorrectly. For example, if an incorrect channel changing speed is selected, the set-top box might get the signal for only two out of three channels numbers transmitted by Windows Media Center and change a two-digit channel instead of a three-digit channel. You can set up your TV signal again and select a different channel changing speed. To change the channel changing speed On the start screen, scroll to Tasks, click settings, click TV, click Set Up TV Signal, and then continue through the wizard.
0	248	Why did the wrong channel record?	1	The set-top box TV channel changing speed may have been configured incorrectly. For example, if an incorrect channel changing speed is selected, the set-top box might get the signal for only two out of three channels numbers transmitted by Windows Media Center and change a two-digit channel instead of a three-digit channel. You can set up your TV signal again and select a different channel changing speed. To change the channel changing speed On the start screen, scroll to Tasks, click settings, click TV, click Set Up TV Signal, and then continue through the wizard.	0	The IR control cable is positioned incorrectly on the front of the set-top box or is not connected, and Windows Media Center cannot send a signal to the set-top box to change a channel.
1	248	Why did the wrong channel record?	0	The IR control cable is positioned incorrectly on the front of the set-top box or is not connected, and Windows Media Center cannot send a signal to the set-top box to change a channel.	2	Windows Media Center might have attempted to tune to a channel that is not part of your TV service package. In some cases, the automatic behavior of some set-top boxes affects how Windows Media Center can control the set-top box. When Windows Media Center tunes to a channel that is not part of your TV service package, the set-top box might instead change to a default channel, display an on-screen message, remain on the last viewed channel, or change to the closest viewable channel in the listings. In all cases, the set-top box performs a default action that causes Windows Media Center to get out of sync and record the wrong channel. You can prevent Windows Media Center from trying to access and record channels that you do not subscribe to by hiding unwanted channels. To hide channels that are not included in your TV service package On the start screen, scroll to Tasks, click settings, click TV, click Guide, and then click Edit Channels. Use the arrow buttons on the screen to scroll through the list and locate the channels that you want to show or hide. As you click each channel, the inset window displays that channel. Select or clear the check box next to each channel. When a check box is selected, the channel appears in the Guide; when a check box is cleared, the channel does not appear. Click Save to return to the Guide settings screen.
0	248	Why did the wrong channel record?	2	Windows Media Center might have attempted to tune to a channel that is not part of your TV service package. In some cases, the automatic behavior of some set-top boxes affects how Windows Media Center can control the set-top box. When Windows Media Center tunes to a channel that is not part of your TV service package, the set-top box might instead change to a default channel, display an on-screen message, remain on the last viewed channel, or change to the closest viewable channel in the listings. In all cases, the set-top box performs a default action that causes Windows Media Center to get out of sync and record the wrong channel. You can prevent Windows Media Center from trying to access and record channels that you do not subscribe to by hiding unwanted channels. To hide channels that are not included in your TV service package On the start screen, scroll to Tasks, click settings, click TV, click Guide, and then click Edit Channels. Use the arrow buttons on the screen to scroll through the list and locate the channels that you want to show or hide. As you click each channel, the inset window displays that channel. Select or clear the check box next to each channel. When a check box is selected, the channel appears in the Guide; when a check box is cleared, the channel does not appear. Click Save to return to the Guide settings screen.	0	The IR control cable is positioned incorrectly on the front of the set-top box or is not connected, and Windows Media Center cannot send a signal to the set-top box to change a channel.
1	248	Why did the wrong channel record?	1	The set-top box TV channel changing speed may have been configured incorrectly. For example, if an incorrect channel changing speed is selected, the set-top box might get the signal for only two out of three channels numbers transmitted by Windows Media Center and change a two-digit channel instead of a three-digit channel. You can set up your TV signal again and select a different channel changing speed. To change the channel changing speed On the start screen, scroll to Tasks, click settings, click TV, click Set Up TV Signal, and then continue through the wizard.	2	Windows Media Center might have attempted to tune to a channel that is not part of your TV service package. In some cases, the automatic behavior of some set-top boxes affects how Windows Media Center can control the set-top box. When Windows Media Center tunes to a channel that is not part of your TV service package, the set-top box might instead change to a default channel, display an on-screen message, remain on the last viewed channel, or change to the closest viewable channel in the listings. In all cases, the set-top box performs a default action that causes Windows Media Center to get out of sync and record the wrong channel. You can prevent Windows Media Center from trying to access and record channels that you do not subscribe to by hiding unwanted channels. To hide channels that are not included in your TV service package On the start screen, scroll to Tasks, click settings, click TV, click Guide, and then click Edit Channels. Use the arrow buttons on the screen to scroll through the list and locate the channels that you want to show or hide. As you click each channel, the inset window displays that channel. Select or clear the check box next to each channel. When a check box is selected, the channel appears in the Guide; when a check box is cleared, the channel does not appear. Click Save to return to the Guide settings screen.
0	248	Why did the wrong channel record?	2	Windows Media Center might have attempted to tune to a channel that is not part of your TV service package. In some cases, the automatic behavior of some set-top boxes affects how Windows Media Center can control the set-top box. When Windows Media Center tunes to a channel that is not part of your TV service package, the set-top box might instead change to a default channel, display an on-screen message, remain on the last viewed channel, or change to the closest viewable channel in the listings. In all cases, the set-top box performs a default action that causes Windows Media Center to get out of sync and record the wrong channel. You can prevent Windows Media Center from trying to access and record channels that you do not subscribe to by hiding unwanted channels. To hide channels that are not included in your TV service package On the start screen, scroll to Tasks, click settings, click TV, click Guide, and then click Edit Channels. Use the arrow buttons on the screen to scroll through the list and locate the channels that you want to show or hide. As you click each channel, the inset window displays that channel. Select or clear the check box next to each channel. When a check box is selected, the channel appears in the Guide; when a check box is cleared, the channel does not appear. Click Save to return to the Guide settings screen.	1	The set-top box TV channel changing speed may have been configured incorrectly. For example, if an incorrect channel changing speed is selected, the set-top box might get the signal for only two out of three channels numbers transmitted by Windows Media Center and change a two-digit channel instead of a three-digit channel. You can set up your TV signal again and select a different channel changing speed. To change the channel changing speed On the start screen, scroll to Tasks, click settings, click TV, click Set Up TV Signal, and then continue through the wizard.
1	250	I can't hear any text read aloud.	0	Make sure that your speakers are connected properly. If you're not sure how to do this, check the information that came with your speakers.	1	Make sure that the speaker volume is turned up sufficiently and your speakers aren't muted.
0	250	I can't hear any text read aloud.	1	Make sure that the speaker volume is turned up sufficiently and your speakers aren't muted.	0	Make sure that your speakers are connected properly. If you're not sure how to do this, check the information that came with your speakers.
1	250	I can't hear any text read aloud.	0	Make sure that your speakers are connected properly. If you're not sure how to do this, check the information that came with your speakers.	2	Make sure that your sound card is properly installed and the drivers are updated. To check for a sound card Open Audio Devices and Sound Themes by clicking the Start button , clicking Control Panel, clicking Hardware and Sound, and then clicking Sound. Your sound card is listed on the Playback tab. If you don't have a sound card installed, you'll have to get one for Narrator to work. To determine if the sound card is working You must be logged on as an administrator to perform these steps. Open Device Manager by clicking the Start button , clicking Control Panel, clicking System and Maintenance, and then clicking Device Manager. .  If you are prompted for an administrator password or confirmation, type the password or provide confirmation. If the sound card has a yellow question mark next to it, the sound card might not be working. Try reinstalling the sound card driver. For more information, see Update a driver for hardware that isn't working properly. If the sound card appears twice in the list, you might have a ghost device. If so, delete the list entry with the question mark.
0	250	I can't hear any text read aloud.	2	Make sure that your sound card is properly installed and the drivers are updated. To check for a sound card Open Audio Devices and Sound Themes by clicking the Start button , clicking Control Panel, clicking Hardware and Sound, and then clicking Sound. Your sound card is listed on the Playback tab. If you don't have a sound card installed, you'll have to get one for Narrator to work. To determine if the sound card is working You must be logged on as an administrator to perform these steps. Open Device Manager by clicking the Start button , clicking Control Panel, clicking System and Maintenance, and then clicking Device Manager. .  If you are prompted for an administrator password or confirmation, type the password or provide confirmation. If the sound card has a yellow question mark next to it, the sound card might not be working. Try reinstalling the sound card driver. For more information, see Update a driver for hardware that isn't working properly. If the sound card appears twice in the list, you might have a ghost device. If so, delete the list entry with the question mark.	0	Make sure that your speakers are connected properly. If you're not sure how to do this, check the information that came with your speakers.
1	250	I can't hear any text read aloud.	1	Make sure that the speaker volume is turned up sufficiently and your speakers aren't muted.	2	Make sure that your sound card is properly installed and the drivers are updated. To check for a sound card Open Audio Devices and Sound Themes by clicking the Start button , clicking Control Panel, clicking Hardware and Sound, and then clicking Sound. Your sound card is listed on the Playback tab. If you don't have a sound card installed, you'll have to get one for Narrator to work. To determine if the sound card is working You must be logged on as an administrator to perform these steps. Open Device Manager by clicking the Start button , clicking Control Panel, clicking System and Maintenance, and then clicking Device Manager. .  If you are prompted for an administrator password or confirmation, type the password or provide confirmation. If the sound card has a yellow question mark next to it, the sound card might not be working. Try reinstalling the sound card driver. For more information, see Update a driver for hardware that isn't working properly. If the sound card appears twice in the list, you might have a ghost device. If so, delete the list entry with the question mark.
0	250	I can't hear any text read aloud.	2	Make sure that your sound card is properly installed and the drivers are updated. To check for a sound card Open Audio Devices and Sound Themes by clicking the Start button , clicking Control Panel, clicking Hardware and Sound, and then clicking Sound. Your sound card is listed on the Playback tab. If you don't have a sound card installed, you'll have to get one for Narrator to work. To determine if the sound card is working You must be logged on as an administrator to perform these steps. Open Device Manager by clicking the Start button , clicking Control Panel, clicking System and Maintenance, and then clicking Device Manager. .  If you are prompted for an administrator password or confirmation, type the password or provide confirmation. If the sound card has a yellow question mark next to it, the sound card might not be working. Try reinstalling the sound card driver. For more information, see Update a driver for hardware that isn't working properly. If the sound card appears twice in the list, you might have a ghost device. If so, delete the list entry with the question mark.	1	Make sure that the speaker volume is turned up sufficiently and your speakers aren't muted.
1	251	Tuner not installed (external USB tuner)The tuner might not be plugged in, have updated drivers, or be configured for use with Windows Media Center.	0	Make sure that the external TV tuner is plugged in to your computer.	1	For information about updating the driver, check the tuner documentation.
0	251	Tuner not installed (external USB tuner)The tuner might not be plugged in, have updated drivers, or be configured for use with Windows Media Center.	1	For information about updating the driver, check the tuner documentation.	0	Make sure that the external TV tuner is plugged in to your computer.
1	251	Tuner not installed (external USB tuner)The tuner might not be plugged in, have updated drivers, or be configured for use with Windows Media Center.	0	Make sure that the external TV tuner is plugged in to your computer.	2	To configure the tuner for use with Windows Media Center, on the start screen, scroll to Tasks, click settings, click TV, and then click Set Up TV Signal.
0	251	Tuner not installed (external USB tuner)The tuner might not be plugged in, have updated drivers, or be configured for use with Windows Media Center.	2	To configure the tuner for use with Windows Media Center, on the start screen, scroll to Tasks, click settings, click TV, and then click Set Up TV Signal.	0	Make sure that the external TV tuner is plugged in to your computer.
1	251	Tuner not installed (external USB tuner)The tuner might not be plugged in, have updated drivers, or be configured for use with Windows Media Center.	1	For information about updating the driver, check the tuner documentation.	2	To configure the tuner for use with Windows Media Center, on the start screen, scroll to Tasks, click settings, click TV, and then click Set Up TV Signal.
0	251	Tuner not installed (external USB tuner)The tuner might not be plugged in, have updated drivers, or be configured for use with Windows Media Center.	2	To configure the tuner for use with Windows Media Center, on the start screen, scroll to Tasks, click settings, click TV, and then click Set Up TV Signal.	1	For information about updating the driver, check the tuner documentation.
1	253	Tuner error (invalid TV format)The tuner hardware does not support the TV format for the country or region selected.	0	Tune to a different channel.	1	Restart Windows Media Center.
0	253	Tuner error (invalid TV format)The tuner hardware does not support the TV format for the country or region selected.	1	Restart Windows Media Center.	0	Tune to a different channel.
1	253	Tuner error (invalid TV format)The tuner hardware does not support the TV format for the country or region selected.	0	Tune to a different channel.	2	Restart the computer.
0	253	Tuner error (invalid TV format)The tuner hardware does not support the TV format for the country or region selected.	2	Restart the computer.	0	Tune to a different channel.
1	253	Tuner error (invalid TV format)The tuner hardware does not support the TV format for the country or region selected.	1	Restart Windows Media Center.	2	Restart the computer.
0	253	Tuner error (invalid TV format)The tuner hardware does not support the TV format for the country or region selected.	2	Restart the computer.	1	Restart Windows Media Center.
1	254	Video errorThe video decoder has malfunctioned or is not installed.	0	Restart Windows Media Center.	1	Restart the computer.
0	254	Video errorThe video decoder has malfunctioned or is not installed.	1	Restart the computer.	0	Restart Windows Media Center.
1	254	Video errorThe video decoder has malfunctioned or is not installed.	0	Restart Windows Media Center.	2	Contact your hardware manufacturer for help with reinstalling or updating the decoder software.
0	254	Video errorThe video decoder has malfunctioned or is not installed.	2	Contact your hardware manufacturer for help with reinstalling or updating the decoder software.	0	Restart Windows Media Center.
1	254	Video errorThe video decoder has malfunctioned or is not installed.	1	Restart the computer.	2	Contact your hardware manufacturer for help with reinstalling or updating the decoder software.
0	254	Video errorThe video decoder has malfunctioned or is not installed.	2	Contact your hardware manufacturer for help with reinstalling or updating the decoder software.	1	Restart the computer.
1	255	Audio device errorThe audio card is not installed, enabled, or does not have updated drivers.	0	Make sure that the audio (sound) card is installed in your computer.	1	Enable the audio card in Windows Device Manager.
0	255	Audio device errorThe audio card is not installed, enabled, or does not have updated drivers.	1	Enable the audio card in Windows Device Manager.	0	Make sure that the audio (sound) card is installed in your computer.
1	255	Audio device errorThe audio card is not installed, enabled, or does not have updated drivers.	0	Make sure that the audio (sound) card is installed in your computer.	2	Contact your hardware manufacturer for information about updating the driver.
0	255	Audio device errorThe audio card is not installed, enabled, or does not have updated drivers.	2	Contact your hardware manufacturer for information about updating the driver.	0	Make sure that the audio (sound) card is installed in your computer.
1	255	Audio device errorThe audio card is not installed, enabled, or does not have updated drivers.	1	Enable the audio card in Windows Device Manager.	2	Contact your hardware manufacturer for information about updating the driver.
0	255	Audio device errorThe audio card is not installed, enabled, or does not have updated drivers.	2	Contact your hardware manufacturer for information about updating the driver.	1	Enable the audio card in Windows Device Manager.
1	256	Why can't Windows Media Center change channels?	0	The infrared remote control cable, also known as an IR blaster, might not be connected. If it is connected, it might be positioned incorrectly on the front of the set-top box. If the IR blaster is not connected or positioned correctly, Windows Media Center cannot send a signal to the set-top box to change a channel.	1	If you are having trouble placing the IR blaster on the set-top box correctly, try using a flashlight to locate the signal receiver on the set-top box.
0	256	Why can't Windows Media Center change channels?	1	If you are having trouble placing the IR blaster on the set-top box correctly, try using a flashlight to locate the signal receiver on the set-top box.	0	The infrared remote control cable, also known as an IR blaster, might not be connected. If it is connected, it might be positioned incorrectly on the front of the set-top box. If the IR blaster is not connected or positioned correctly, Windows Media Center cannot send a signal to the set-top box to change a channel.
1	256	Why can't Windows Media Center change channels?	0	The infrared remote control cable, also known as an IR blaster, might not be connected. If it is connected, it might be positioned incorrectly on the front of the set-top box. If the IR blaster is not connected or positioned correctly, Windows Media Center cannot send a signal to the set-top box to change a channel.	2	If channels consistently change incorrectly, the IR control codes might not have been configured correctly during TV signal setup. To reconfigure your TV signal, on the start screen, scroll to Tasks, click settings, click TV, and then click Set Up TV Signal.
0	256	Why can't Windows Media Center change channels?	2	If channels consistently change incorrectly, the IR control codes might not have been configured correctly during TV signal setup. To reconfigure your TV signal, on the start screen, scroll to Tasks, click settings, click TV, and then click Set Up TV Signal.	0	The infrared remote control cable, also known as an IR blaster, might not be connected. If it is connected, it might be positioned incorrectly on the front of the set-top box. If the IR blaster is not connected or positioned correctly, Windows Media Center cannot send a signal to the set-top box to change a channel.
1	256	Why can't Windows Media Center change channels?	1	If you are having trouble placing the IR blaster on the set-top box correctly, try using a flashlight to locate the signal receiver on the set-top box.	2	If channels consistently change incorrectly, the IR control codes might not have been configured correctly during TV signal setup. To reconfigure your TV signal, on the start screen, scroll to Tasks, click settings, click TV, and then click Set Up TV Signal.
0	256	Why can't Windows Media Center change channels?	2	If channels consistently change incorrectly, the IR control codes might not have been configured correctly during TV signal setup. To reconfigure your TV signal, on the start screen, scroll to Tasks, click settings, click TV, and then click Set Up TV Signal.	1	If you are having trouble placing the IR blaster on the set-top box correctly, try using a flashlight to locate the signal receiver on the set-top box.
1	260	Why can't I get a strong signal for a digital cable TV channel?	0	You might not subscribe to the digital cable channel. Contact your cable company for more information about your service. If a channel appears in the Guide that is not part of your cable service, you can remove it by doing the following: On the start screen, scroll to Tasks, click settings, click TV, click Guide, and then click Edit Channels.	1	If you have a CableCARD, it might not be inserted correctly. Reinsert your CableCARD and try tuning again. If Windows Media Center requires you to set up your CableCARD again, follow the instructions in the wizard.
0	260	Why can't I get a strong signal for a digital cable TV channel?	1	If you have a CableCARD, it might not be inserted correctly. Reinsert your CableCARD and try tuning again. If Windows Media Center requires you to set up your CableCARD again, follow the instructions in the wizard.	0	You might not subscribe to the digital cable channel. Contact your cable company for more information about your service. If a channel appears in the Guide that is not part of your cable service, you can remove it by doing the following: On the start screen, scroll to Tasks, click settings, click TV, click Guide, and then click Edit Channels.
1	261	I get an "Access is Denied" error when I try to print to a shared printer on my home network.	0	First, make sure that the Windows XP computer is properly connected to the home network and set to share printers. For more instructions on printer sharing in Windows XP, go to the Sharing printers topic on the Microsoft website.	1	If the other computers on your network can "see" the Windows XP computer and its attached printer, can share files with that computer, but still encounter an "Access is Denied" error when trying to print, try the following workaround: Open Printers by clicking the Start button , clicking Control Panel, clicking Hardware and Sound, and then clicking Printers. Click Add a printer. In the Add Printer wizard, click Add a local printer. Click Create a new port. Make sure Local Port is selected in the list, and then click Next. In the Port Name dialog box, type \\computer name\printer name, and then click OK. Complete the rest of the wizard, and then click Finish.
0	261	I get an "Access is Denied" error when I try to print to a shared printer on my home network.	1	If the other computers on your network can "see" the Windows XP computer and its attached printer, can share files with that computer, but still encounter an "Access is Denied" error when trying to print, try the following workaround: Open Printers by clicking the Start button , clicking Control Panel, clicking Hardware and Sound, and then clicking Printers. Click Add a printer. In the Add Printer wizard, click Add a local printer. Click Create a new port. Make sure Local Port is selected in the list, and then click Next. In the Port Name dialog box, type \\computer name\printer name, and then click OK. Complete the rest of the wizard, and then click Finish.	0	First, make sure that the Windows XP computer is properly connected to the home network and set to share printers. For more instructions on printer sharing in Windows XP, go to the Sharing printers topic on the Microsoft website.
1	263	The Add Printer Wizard didn't detect my Bluetooth or wireless printer.	0	Make sure that your Bluetooth adapter is plugged in to your computer and turned on, and that your Bluetooth printer is turned on. You might also need to remove your connection to the Bluetooth printer, and then try again to detect it using the Add Printer Wizard. For more information, see Troubleshoot problems with Bluetooth enabled devices.	1	If the Add Printer Wizard still doesn't detect your printer, check the information that came with the printer to make sure that it is set up correctly to work with your computer, and then try again.
0	263	The Add Printer Wizard didn't detect my Bluetooth or wireless printer.	1	If the Add Printer Wizard still doesn't detect your printer, check the information that came with the printer to make sure that it is set up correctly to work with your computer, and then try again.	0	Make sure that your Bluetooth adapter is plugged in to your computer and turned on, and that your Bluetooth printer is turned on. You might also need to remove your connection to the Bluetooth printer, and then try again to detect it using the Add Printer Wizard. For more information, see Troubleshoot problems with Bluetooth enabled devices.
1	266	What if there is no dial tone?	0	Make sure that your phone cable is connected to the modem in your computer and the wall telephone jack.	1	Make sure that the phone line is not already in use.
0	266	What if there is no dial tone?	1	Make sure that the phone line is not already in use.	0	Make sure that your phone cable is connected to the modem in your computer and the wall telephone jack.
1	266	What if there is no dial tone?	0	Make sure that your phone cable is connected to the modem in your computer and the wall telephone jack.	2	Make sure that the phone service is working. Plug the telephone to the same phone jack that you use for your computer and listen for a dial tone.
0	266	What if there is no dial tone?	2	Make sure that the phone service is working. Plug the telephone to the same phone jack that you use for your computer and listen for a dial tone.	0	Make sure that your phone cable is connected to the modem in your computer and the wall telephone jack.
1	266	What if there is no dial tone?	1	Make sure that the phone line is not already in use.	2	Make sure that the phone service is working. Plug the telephone to the same phone jack that you use for your computer and listen for a dial tone.
0	266	What if there is no dial tone?	2	Make sure that the phone service is working. Plug the telephone to the same phone jack that you use for your computer and listen for a dial tone.	1	Make sure that the phone line is not already in use.
1	267	I don't see any computers or devices in the Network folder.	0	Your computer is not connected to the network. If your computer is not connected to the network, the Network folder appears empty, even if there are other computers and devices on the network. To solve the problem, connect to that network or set up a new network. Open Connect to a Network by clicking the Start button , and then clicking Connect to.	1	Network discovery is blocking you from seeing other computers and devices. If the network discovery setting on your computer is set to Off, you won't see other computers and devices on the network. To change your network discovery setting, follow these steps: Open Network and Sharing Center by clicking the Start button , clicking Control Panel, clicking Network and Internet, and then clicking Network and Sharing Center. If network discovery is off, click the arrow button .  to expand the section, click Turn on network discovery, and then click Apply. If you are prompted for an administrator password or confirmation, type the password or provide confirmation.
0	267	I don't see any computers or devices in the Network folder.	1	Network discovery is blocking you from seeing other computers and devices. If the network discovery setting on your computer is set to Off, you won't see other computers and devices on the network. To change your network discovery setting, follow these steps: Open Network and Sharing Center by clicking the Start button , clicking Control Panel, clicking Network and Internet, and then clicking Network and Sharing Center. If network discovery is off, click the arrow button .  to expand the section, click Turn on network discovery, and then click Apply. If you are prompted for an administrator password or confirmation, type the password or provide confirmation.	0	Your computer is not connected to the network. If your computer is not connected to the network, the Network folder appears empty, even if there are other computers and devices on the network. To solve the problem, connect to that network or set up a new network. Open Connect to a Network by clicking the Start button , and then clicking Connect to.
1	268	I don't see a computer or device that I expect to see in the Network folder.	0	The computer or device isn't on the network. To solve this problem, add the computer to the network by plugging it into the hub, switch, or router (if the network is Ethernet), or by connecting to the network using the Connect to a Network wizard (if the network is wireless). If you think the computer has been added to the network but there is a problem, you can run Network Diagnostics on the computer to try to find the problem. To run Network Diagnostics, in the notification area, right-click the network icon, and then click Diagnose and repair.	1	The computer's network discovery setting is set to Off, which prevents you from seeing it. To change the network discovery setting on another computer, log on to the computer, click the Start button , click Control Panel, click Network and Internet, and then click Network and Sharing Center. Click the arrow button .  to expand the Network Discovery section, click Turn on network discovery, and then click Apply. If you don't own or have access to the computer, ask the person who owns it to change the network discovery setting to On so you can see the computer in the Network folder.
0	268	I don't see a computer or device that I expect to see in the Network folder.	1	The computer's network discovery setting is set to Off, which prevents you from seeing it. To change the network discovery setting on another computer, log on to the computer, click the Start button , click Control Panel, click Network and Internet, and then click Network and Sharing Center. Click the arrow button .  to expand the Network Discovery section, click Turn on network discovery, and then click Apply. If you don't own or have access to the computer, ask the person who owns it to change the network discovery setting to On so you can see the computer in the Network folder.	0	The computer or device isn't on the network. To solve this problem, add the computer to the network by plugging it into the hub, switch, or router (if the network is Ethernet), or by connecting to the network using the Connect to a Network wizard (if the network is wireless). If you think the computer has been added to the network but there is a problem, you can run Network Diagnostics on the computer to try to find the problem. To run Network Diagnostics, in the notification area, right-click the network icon, and then click Diagnose and repair.
1	270	Why are no FM radio stations detected?	0	Windows Media Center cannot find, or seek, a radio frequency that has a weak signal. If you manually enter the frequency or tune directly to a station with a weak signal, Windows Media Center plays the station. However, if you use Seek mode, Windows Media Center might bypass a weak signal.	1	For the best results, make sure that the cable or radio antenna is attached to the computer and properly positioned for the best signal reception. Refer to your hardware documentation for the preferred hardware arrangement. If the FM radio signal is still weak, contact your computer manufacturer for more information.
0	270	Why are no FM radio stations detected?	1	For the best results, make sure that the cable or radio antenna is attached to the computer and properly positioned for the best signal reception. Refer to your hardware documentation for the preferred hardware arrangement. If the FM radio signal is still weak, contact your computer manufacturer for more information.	0	Windows Media Center cannot find, or seek, a radio frequency that has a weak signal. If you manually enter the frequency or tune directly to a station with a weak signal, Windows Media Center plays the station. However, if you use Seek mode, Windows Media Center might bypass a weak signal.
1	270	Why are no FM radio stations detected?	0	Windows Media Center cannot find, or seek, a radio frequency that has a weak signal. If you manually enter the frequency or tune directly to a station with a weak signal, Windows Media Center plays the station. However, if you use Seek mode, Windows Media Center might bypass a weak signal.	2	Your computer might be having trouble with the tuner hardware. Make sure that the tuner hardware is enabled and that the correct driver is installed. To quickly determine whether your tuner hardware is working, make sure that you can watch TV. To troubleshoot, refer to your hardware documentation.
0	270	Why are no FM radio stations detected?	2	Your computer might be having trouble with the tuner hardware. Make sure that the tuner hardware is enabled and that the correct driver is installed. To quickly determine whether your tuner hardware is working, make sure that you can watch TV. To troubleshoot, refer to your hardware documentation.	0	Windows Media Center cannot find, or seek, a radio frequency that has a weak signal. If you manually enter the frequency or tune directly to a station with a weak signal, Windows Media Center plays the station. However, if you use Seek mode, Windows Media Center might bypass a weak signal.
1	270	Why are no FM radio stations detected?	1	For the best results, make sure that the cable or radio antenna is attached to the computer and properly positioned for the best signal reception. Refer to your hardware documentation for the preferred hardware arrangement. If the FM radio signal is still weak, contact your computer manufacturer for more information.	2	Your computer might be having trouble with the tuner hardware. Make sure that the tuner hardware is enabled and that the correct driver is installed. To quickly determine whether your tuner hardware is working, make sure that you can watch TV. To troubleshoot, refer to your hardware documentation.
0	270	Why are no FM radio stations detected?	2	Your computer might be having trouble with the tuner hardware. Make sure that the tuner hardware is enabled and that the correct driver is installed. To quickly determine whether your tuner hardware is working, make sure that you can watch TV. To troubleshoot, refer to your hardware documentation.	1	For the best results, make sure that the cable or radio antenna is attached to the computer and properly positioned for the best signal reception. Refer to your hardware documentation for the preferred hardware arrangement. If the FM radio signal is still weak, contact your computer manufacturer for more information.
1	271	Why did the FM radio stop playing unexpectedly?	0	Tuner hardware that may be included in your computer can have an FM radio input as well as an input for TV signal. In some cases, that type of tuner hardware cannot receive FM radio at the same time as it receives a TV signal. For example, if the tuner is in use for FM radio when Windows Media Center is scheduled to start a recording, a warning appears that the FM radio session will be stopped when the TV recording starts. If you do not make a selection, Windows Media Center automatically stops FM radio and begins recording TV, as scheduled.	1	If you have any Windows Media Center Extender devices connected to your computer, someone may have tuned to a TV show or FM radio program on the Media Center Extender and has control of the tuner hardware you were using.
0	271	Why did the FM radio stop playing unexpectedly?	1	If you have any Windows Media Center Extender devices connected to your computer, someone may have tuned to a TV show or FM radio program on the Media Center Extender and has control of the tuner hardware you were using.	0	Tuner hardware that may be included in your computer can have an FM radio input as well as an input for TV signal. In some cases, that type of tuner hardware cannot receive FM radio at the same time as it receives a TV signal. For example, if the tuner is in use for FM radio when Windows Media Center is scheduled to start a recording, a warning appears that the FM radio session will be stopped when the TV recording starts. If you do not make a selection, Windows Media Center automatically stops FM radio and begins recording TV, as scheduled.
1	272	I tried to install updates but one or more didn't get installed.	0	Did you accept the Microsoft Software License Terms? Install the update again and review and accept the license terms. Open Windows Update by clicking the Start button , clicking All Programs, and then clicking Windows Update. Review any error messages. If an error message about license terms or cancelled updates is displayed, click Try again, and then wait until you're prompted to review the license terms. Accept the license terms, and then wait to see if the update is installed successfully.	1	Is there enough free disk space on your computer? If you need more free space on your hard disk, you might need to uninstall programs, delete your temporary Internet files, delete files that you don't use, or empty the Recycle Bin, and then try again to install updates.
0	272	I tried to install updates but one or more didn't get installed.	1	Is there enough free disk space on your computer? If you need more free space on your hard disk, you might need to uninstall programs, delete your temporary Internet files, delete files that you don't use, or empty the Recycle Bin, and then try again to install updates.	0	Did you accept the Microsoft Software License Terms? Install the update again and review and accept the license terms. Open Windows Update by clicking the Start button , clicking All Programs, and then clicking Windows Update. Review any error messages. If an error message about license terms or cancelled updates is displayed, click Try again, and then wait until you're prompted to review the license terms. Accept the license terms, and then wait to see if the update is installed successfully.
1	272	I tried to install updates but one or more didn't get installed.	0	Did you accept the Microsoft Software License Terms? Install the update again and review and accept the license terms. Open Windows Update by clicking the Start button , clicking All Programs, and then clicking Windows Update. Review any error messages. If an error message about license terms or cancelled updates is displayed, click Try again, and then wait until you're prompted to review the license terms. Accept the license terms, and then wait to see if the update is installed successfully.	2	Did you cancel the installation process or disconnect from the Internet? It's fine if you did. Just check for updates again and install any updates that were cancelled or interrupted.
0	272	I tried to install updates but one or more didn't get installed.	2	Did you cancel the installation process or disconnect from the Internet? It's fine if you did. Just check for updates again and install any updates that were cancelled or interrupted.	0	Did you accept the Microsoft Software License Terms? Install the update again and review and accept the license terms. Open Windows Update by clicking the Start button , clicking All Programs, and then clicking Windows Update. Review any error messages. If an error message about license terms or cancelled updates is displayed, click Try again, and then wait until you're prompted to review the license terms. Accept the license terms, and then wait to see if the update is installed successfully.
1	272	I tried to install updates but one or more didn't get installed.	1	Is there enough free disk space on your computer? If you need more free space on your hard disk, you might need to uninstall programs, delete your temporary Internet files, delete files that you don't use, or empty the Recycle Bin, and then try again to install updates.	2	Did you cancel the installation process or disconnect from the Internet? It's fine if you did. Just check for updates again and install any updates that were cancelled or interrupted.
0	272	I tried to install updates but one or more didn't get installed.	2	Did you cancel the installation process or disconnect from the Internet? It's fine if you did. Just check for updates again and install any updates that were cancelled or interrupted.	1	Is there enough free disk space on your computer? If you need more free space on your hard disk, you might need to uninstall programs, delete your temporary Internet files, delete files that you don't use, or empty the Recycle Bin, and then try again to install updates.
1	273	What can I try if the program won't uninstall?	0	If the program doesn't uninstall completely the first time, sometimes running the uninstall program a second time will succeed.	1	If that doesn't work, try uninstalling the program while Windows is running in Safe mode. For more information, search help for "safe mode."
0	273	What can I try if the program won't uninstall?	1	If that doesn't work, try uninstalling the program while Windows is running in Safe mode. For more information, search help for "safe mode."	0	If the program doesn't uninstall completely the first time, sometimes running the uninstall program a second time will succeed.
1	273	What can I try if the program won't uninstall?	0	If the program doesn't uninstall completely the first time, sometimes running the uninstall program a second time will succeed.	2	If you installed the program recently, you can try using System Restore to return your computer's system files to an earlier date before you installed the program. For more information, search Help for "system restore."
0	273	What can I try if the program won't uninstall?	2	If you installed the program recently, you can try using System Restore to return your computer's system files to an earlier date before you installed the program. For more information, search Help for "system restore."	0	If the program doesn't uninstall completely the first time, sometimes running the uninstall program a second time will succeed.
1	273	What can I try if the program won't uninstall?	1	If that doesn't work, try uninstalling the program while Windows is running in Safe mode. For more information, search help for "safe mode."	2	If you installed the program recently, you can try using System Restore to return your computer's system files to an earlier date before you installed the program. For more information, search Help for "system restore."
0	273	What can I try if the program won't uninstall?	2	If you installed the program recently, you can try using System Restore to return your computer's system files to an earlier date before you installed the program. For more information, search Help for "system restore."	1	If that doesn't work, try uninstalling the program while Windows is running in Safe mode. For more information, search help for "safe mode."
1	274	My computer doesn't find my DV camera when I plug the camera in. Why not?	0	Verify that the DV device is connected properly to your computer with an IEEE 1394 connection or a USB 2.0 connection.	1	Verify that the DV camera is powered on and in VCR (playback) mode.
0	274	My computer doesn't find my DV camera when I plug the camera in. Why not?	1	Verify that the DV camera is powered on and in VCR (playback) mode.	0	Verify that the DV device is connected properly to your computer with an IEEE 1394 connection or a USB 2.0 connection.
1	274	My computer doesn't find my DV camera when I plug the camera in. Why not?	0	Verify that the DV device is connected properly to your computer with an IEEE 1394 connection or a USB 2.0 connection.	2	Switch off the DV camera and then switch it on again in VCR (playback) mode.
0	274	My computer doesn't find my DV camera when I plug the camera in. Why not?	2	Switch off the DV camera and then switch it on again in VCR (playback) mode.	0	Verify that the DV device is connected properly to your computer with an IEEE 1394 connection or a USB 2.0 connection.
1	274	My computer doesn't find my DV camera when I plug the camera in. Why not?	1	Verify that the DV camera is powered on and in VCR (playback) mode.	2	Switch off the DV camera and then switch it on again in VCR (playback) mode.
0	274	My computer doesn't find my DV camera when I plug the camera in. Why not?	2	Switch off the DV camera and then switch it on again in VCR (playback) mode.	1	Verify that the DV camera is powered on and in VCR (playback) mode.
1	277	Can my movie be too large to send as an email attachment?	0	Many email providers place a file size limit on email message attachments. To find any size limits that your email provider has set for sending files as email attachments, contact your email provider. To work around the email provider's attachment file size limit, you can remove some items from the storyboard/timeline in your project and then publish your movie again to decrease your movie's file size.	1	Windows Movie Maker might be configured to limit email attachment size. To change this setting, do the following: Click Tools, and then click Options. Click the Advanced tab, and then in the Maximum file size for sending a movie as an attachment in an email message box, select the maximum file size you want to allow.
0	277	Can my movie be too large to send as an email attachment?	1	Windows Movie Maker might be configured to limit email attachment size. To change this setting, do the following: Click Tools, and then click Options. Click the Advanced tab, and then in the Maximum file size for sending a movie as an attachment in an email message box, select the maximum file size you want to allow.	0	Many email providers place a file size limit on email message attachments. To find any size limits that your email provider has set for sending files as email attachments, contact your email provider. To work around the email provider's attachment file size limit, you can remove some items from the storyboard/timeline in your project and then publish your movie again to decrease your movie's file size.
1	278	I can't seem to attach the movie I make to an email by using Publish Movie. What is wrong?	0	To manually attach the movie to an email message After your movie has been created but not yet sent as an attachment to an email message, click Save a copy of my movie on my computer. In the File name box, type a name for your saved movie file, and then click Save. Start your email program, create a new message, and then attach the saved movie file to the message. Send the message with the attached movie.	1	To use a different email program Specify a new email program that allows attachments to be automatically appended to email messages, start Publish Movie again, and then click Email to try to send your movie as an email attachment. For more information about choosing your default email program, see Change the default email program in Windows Help and Support.
0	278	I can't seem to attach the movie I make to an email by using Publish Movie. What is wrong?	1	To use a different email program Specify a new email program that allows attachments to be automatically appended to email messages, start Publish Movie again, and then click Email to try to send your movie as an email attachment. For more information about choosing your default email program, see Change the default email program in Windows Help and Support.	0	To manually attach the movie to an email message After your movie has been created but not yet sent as an attachment to an email message, click Save a copy of my movie on my computer. In the File name box, type a name for your saved movie file, and then click Save. Start your email program, create a new message, and then attach the saved movie file to the message. Send the message with the attached movie.
1	279	When I connect my camera to the computer, nothing happens.	0	Make sure that your camera is turned on, and if it has a special connection mode, be sure to switch to that setting.	1	If that does not solve the problem, and this is the first time youve tried to copy pictures from the camera to the computer, its possible that your camera needs a special driver to copy pictures. You can usually find the driver on the camera manufacturers website or on a disc that came with your camera. Install the driver and try again.
0	279	When I connect my camera to the computer, nothing happens.	1	If that does not solve the problem, and this is the first time youve tried to copy pictures from the camera to the computer, its possible that your camera needs a special driver to copy pictures. You can usually find the driver on the camera manufacturers website or on a disc that came with your camera. Install the driver and try again.	0	Make sure that your camera is turned on, and if it has a special connection mode, be sure to switch to that setting.
1	279	When I connect my camera to the computer, nothing happens.	0	Make sure that your camera is turned on, and if it has a special connection mode, be sure to switch to that setting.	2	If you have successfully copied pictures from the camera before, your computers USB port might have stopped working. Try connecting the camera to a different USB port. If that doesn't work, restart your computer and try again.
0	279	When I connect my camera to the computer, nothing happens.	2	If you have successfully copied pictures from the camera before, your computers USB port might have stopped working. Try connecting the camera to a different USB port. If that doesn't work, restart your computer and try again.	0	Make sure that your camera is turned on, and if it has a special connection mode, be sure to switch to that setting.
1	279	When I connect my camera to the computer, nothing happens.	1	If that does not solve the problem, and this is the first time youve tried to copy pictures from the camera to the computer, its possible that your camera needs a special driver to copy pictures. You can usually find the driver on the camera manufacturers website or on a disc that came with your camera. Install the driver and try again.	2	If you have successfully copied pictures from the camera before, your computers USB port might have stopped working. Try connecting the camera to a different USB port. If that doesn't work, restart your computer and try again.
0	279	When I connect my camera to the computer, nothing happens.	2	If you have successfully copied pictures from the camera before, your computers USB port might have stopped working. Try connecting the camera to a different USB port. If that doesn't work, restart your computer and try again.	1	If that does not solve the problem, and this is the first time youve tried to copy pictures from the camera to the computer, its possible that your camera needs a special driver to copy pictures. You can usually find the driver on the camera manufacturers website or on a disc that came with your camera. Install the driver and try again.
1	281	Why doesn't a picture display in Windows Media Center?	0	The picture file type is not supported in Windows Media Center. For example, digital photos that are taken with a digital camera and saved in the RAW file format are not supported in Windows Media Center. For a list of file types that are supported in Windows Media Center, see File types supported by Windows Media Center.	1	The file type has changed to an unsupported file type, such as a thumbnail, or is corrupt. You may need to modify the image by opening the file in a photo-editing program, and then resaving the image in a file type that is supported in Windows Media Center.
0	281	Why doesn't a picture display in Windows Media Center?	1	The file type has changed to an unsupported file type, such as a thumbnail, or is corrupt. You may need to modify the image by opening the file in a photo-editing program, and then resaving the image in a file type that is supported in Windows Media Center.	0	The picture file type is not supported in Windows Media Center. For example, digital photos that are taken with a digital camera and saved in the RAW file format are not supported in Windows Media Center. For a list of file types that are supported in Windows Media Center, see File types supported by Windows Media Center.
1	281	Why doesn't a picture display in Windows Media Center?	0	The picture file type is not supported in Windows Media Center. For example, digital photos that are taken with a digital camera and saved in the RAW file format are not supported in Windows Media Center. For a list of file types that are supported in Windows Media Center, see File types supported by Windows Media Center.	2	The file is hidden. To make sure the file is not hidden, check the file properties. For more information about viewing file properties, see View the properties for a file.
0	281	Why doesn't a picture display in Windows Media Center?	2	The file is hidden. To make sure the file is not hidden, check the file properties. For more information about viewing file properties, see View the properties for a file.	0	The picture file type is not supported in Windows Media Center. For example, digital photos that are taken with a digital camera and saved in the RAW file format are not supported in Windows Media Center. For a list of file types that are supported in Windows Media Center, see File types supported by Windows Media Center.
1	281	Why doesn't a picture display in Windows Media Center?	1	The file type has changed to an unsupported file type, such as a thumbnail, or is corrupt. You may need to modify the image by opening the file in a photo-editing program, and then resaving the image in a file type that is supported in Windows Media Center.	2	The file is hidden. To make sure the file is not hidden, check the file properties. For more information about viewing file properties, see View the properties for a file.
0	281	Why doesn't a picture display in Windows Media Center?	2	The file is hidden. To make sure the file is not hidden, check the file properties. For more information about viewing file properties, see View the properties for a file.	1	The file type has changed to an unsupported file type, such as a thumbnail, or is corrupt. You may need to modify the image by opening the file in a photo-editing program, and then resaving the image in a file type that is supported in Windows Media Center.
1	282	I cannot save a picture after editing it in Windows Media Center.	0	The file is corrupted. Try to open the picture in a photo-editing program to see if you can edit the picture in that program. If you can, try to make and save the changes to your photo by using that program.	1	There is not enough free disk space to store the edited picture on your computer. To work around this possible issue, free additional hard disk space, and then try making and saving changes to your photo again in Windows Media Center.
0	282	I cannot save a picture after editing it in Windows Media Center.	1	There is not enough free disk space to store the edited picture on your computer. To work around this possible issue, free additional hard disk space, and then try making and saving changes to your photo again in Windows Media Center.	0	The file is corrupted. Try to open the picture in a photo-editing program to see if you can edit the picture in that program. If you can, try to make and save the changes to your photo by using that program.
1	282	I cannot save a picture after editing it in Windows Media Center.	0	The file is corrupted. Try to open the picture in a photo-editing program to see if you can edit the picture in that program. If you can, try to make and save the changes to your photo by using that program.	2	The file property is set to read-only. To work around this issue, remove the read-only property. For more information about file properties, see View the properties for a file.
0	282	I cannot save a picture after editing it in Windows Media Center.	2	The file property is set to read-only. To work around this issue, remove the read-only property. For more information about file properties, see View the properties for a file.	0	The file is corrupted. Try to open the picture in a photo-editing program to see if you can edit the picture in that program. If you can, try to make and save the changes to your photo by using that program.
1	282	I cannot save a picture after editing it in Windows Media Center.	1	There is not enough free disk space to store the edited picture on your computer. To work around this possible issue, free additional hard disk space, and then try making and saving changes to your photo again in Windows Media Center.	2	The file property is set to read-only. To work around this issue, remove the read-only property. For more information about file properties, see View the properties for a file.
0	282	I cannot save a picture after editing it in Windows Media Center.	2	The file property is set to read-only. To work around this issue, remove the read-only property. For more information about file properties, see View the properties for a file.	1	There is not enough free disk space to store the edited picture on your computer. To work around this possible issue, free additional hard disk space, and then try making and saving changes to your photo again in Windows Media Center.
1	284	I get an error message that says that there is not enough disk space to publish the movie. What can I do?	0	Reduce the length of your movie by removing items from the storyboard/timeline in Windows Movie Maker.	1	Choose a lower quality or file size setting when you publish your movie. For more information, see Movie settings: frequently asked questions.
0	284	I get an error message that says that there is not enough disk space to publish the movie. What can I do?	1	Choose a lower quality or file size setting when you publish your movie. For more information, see Movie settings: frequently asked questions.	0	Reduce the length of your movie by removing items from the storyboard/timeline in Windows Movie Maker.
1	284	I get an error message that says that there is not enough disk space to publish the movie. What can I do?	0	Reduce the length of your movie by removing items from the storyboard/timeline in Windows Movie Maker.	2	Publish your movie to a location that has more available disk space.
0	284	I get an error message that says that there is not enough disk space to publish the movie. What can I do?	2	Publish your movie to a location that has more available disk space.	0	Reduce the length of your movie by removing items from the storyboard/timeline in Windows Movie Maker.
1	284	I get an error message that says that there is not enough disk space to publish the movie. What can I do?	1	Choose a lower quality or file size setting when you publish your movie. For more information, see Movie settings: frequently asked questions.	2	Publish your movie to a location that has more available disk space.
0	284	I get an error message that says that there is not enough disk space to publish the movie. What can I do?	2	Publish your movie to a location that has more available disk space.	1	Choose a lower quality or file size setting when you publish your movie. For more information, see Movie settings: frequently asked questions.
1	285	What can I do when I get an error that states I can't publish a movie because the location does not exist?	0	If you specified a removable storage drive as the publishing location, verify that the drive or removable media is still available and properly connected to your computer.	1	If you specified a network drive as the publishing location, make sure that the network cable for your computer is attached properly and that the networked computer to which you are publishing your movie is still available.
0	285	What can I do when I get an error that states I can't publish a movie because the location does not exist?	1	If you specified a network drive as the publishing location, make sure that the network cable for your computer is attached properly and that the networked computer to which you are publishing your movie is still available.	0	If you specified a removable storage drive as the publishing location, verify that the drive or removable media is still available and properly connected to your computer.
1	285	What can I do when I get an error that states I can't publish a movie because the location does not exist?	0	If you specified a removable storage drive as the publishing location, verify that the drive or removable media is still available and properly connected to your computer.	2	Specify a publishing location on your computer's hard disk.
0	285	What can I do when I get an error that states I can't publish a movie because the location does not exist?	2	Specify a publishing location on your computer's hard disk.	0	If you specified a removable storage drive as the publishing location, verify that the drive or removable media is still available and properly connected to your computer.
1	285	What can I do when I get an error that states I can't publish a movie because the location does not exist?	1	If you specified a network drive as the publishing location, make sure that the network cable for your computer is attached properly and that the networked computer to which you are publishing your movie is still available.	2	Specify a publishing location on your computer's hard disk.
0	285	What can I do when I get an error that states I can't publish a movie because the location does not exist?	2	Specify a publishing location on your computer's hard disk.	1	If you specified a network drive as the publishing location, make sure that the network cable for your computer is attached properly and that the networked computer to which you are publishing your movie is still available.
1	286	I can't publish my movie because some source files are missing. How do I find these files and put them back in Windows Movie Maker?	0	Locate the original source file, and move or copy it to the location on your computer when it was first imported into Windows Movie Maker. To find a missing file, click the missing clip in the collection or project pane, click Edit, and then click Browse for Missing File.	1	Verify that any network locations are still available if the source file was originally located on a shared network location when it was first imported into Windows Movie Maker.
0	286	I can't publish my movie because some source files are missing. How do I find these files and put them back in Windows Movie Maker?	1	Verify that any network locations are still available if the source file was originally located on a shared network location when it was first imported into Windows Movie Maker.	0	Locate the original source file, and move or copy it to the location on your computer when it was first imported into Windows Movie Maker. To find a missing file, click the missing clip in the collection or project pane, click Edit, and then click Browse for Missing File.
1	287	AutoPlay doesn't start when I insert a disc or plug in a device.	0	Ask your network administrator if AutoPlay is restricted by Group Policy, and if so, what to do instead.	1	Close other programs that might be interfering.
0	287	AutoPlay doesn't start when I insert a disc or plug in a device.	1	Close other programs that might be interfering.	0	Ask your network administrator if AutoPlay is restricted by Group Policy, and if so, what to do instead.
1	287	AutoPlay doesn't start when I insert a disc or plug in a device.	0	Ask your network administrator if AutoPlay is restricted by Group Policy, and if so, what to do instead.	2	Follow these steps: Click the Start button , click All Programs, click Accessories, and then right-click Command Prompt. Click Run as administrator. At the command prompt, type net start shellhwdetection, and then press ENTER. Restart your computer.
0	287	AutoPlay doesn't start when I insert a disc or plug in a device.	2	Follow these steps: Click the Start button , click All Programs, click Accessories, and then right-click Command Prompt. Click Run as administrator. At the command prompt, type net start shellhwdetection, and then press ENTER. Restart your computer.	0	Ask your network administrator if AutoPlay is restricted by Group Policy, and if so, what to do instead.
1	287	AutoPlay doesn't start when I insert a disc or plug in a device.	1	Close other programs that might be interfering.	2	Follow these steps: Click the Start button , click All Programs, click Accessories, and then right-click Command Prompt. Click Run as administrator. At the command prompt, type net start shellhwdetection, and then press ENTER. Restart your computer.
0	287	AutoPlay doesn't start when I insert a disc or plug in a device.	2	Follow these steps: Click the Start button , click All Programs, click Accessories, and then right-click Command Prompt. Click Run as administrator. At the command prompt, type net start shellhwdetection, and then press ENTER. Restart your computer.	1	Close other programs that might be interfering.
1	288	My keyboard doesn't work at all.	0	Make sure your keyboard is plugged in to your computer correctly. If your keyboard connects to a USB port, try unplugging the keyboard and plugging it into a different USB port.	1	Many wireless keyboards require special drivers to work properly. Be sure that you have installed any software that came with the keyboard. If you use a wireless Bluetooth enabled device for your keyboard, see Set up a Bluetooth enabled device.
0	288	My keyboard doesn't work at all.	1	Many wireless keyboards require special drivers to work properly. Be sure that you have installed any software that came with the keyboard. If you use a wireless Bluetooth enabled device for your keyboard, see Set up a Bluetooth enabled device.	0	Make sure your keyboard is plugged in to your computer correctly. If your keyboard connects to a USB port, try unplugging the keyboard and plugging it into a different USB port.
1	288	My keyboard doesn't work at all.	0	Make sure your keyboard is plugged in to your computer correctly. If your keyboard connects to a USB port, try unplugging the keyboard and plugging it into a different USB port.	2	Try plugging your keyboard into another computer. If it still doesn't work, it might be broken. Consider replacing it with a new keyboard, or, if the warranty for the keyboard is still valid, exchanging it for a new one with the manufacturer.
0	288	My keyboard doesn't work at all.	2	Try plugging your keyboard into another computer. If it still doesn't work, it might be broken. Consider replacing it with a new keyboard, or, if the warranty for the keyboard is still valid, exchanging it for a new one with the manufacturer.	0	Make sure your keyboard is plugged in to your computer correctly. If your keyboard connects to a USB port, try unplugging the keyboard and plugging it into a different USB port.
1	288	My keyboard doesn't work at all.	1	Many wireless keyboards require special drivers to work properly. Be sure that you have installed any software that came with the keyboard. If you use a wireless Bluetooth enabled device for your keyboard, see Set up a Bluetooth enabled device.	2	Try plugging your keyboard into another computer. If it still doesn't work, it might be broken. Consider replacing it with a new keyboard, or, if the warranty for the keyboard is still valid, exchanging it for a new one with the manufacturer.
0	288	My keyboard doesn't work at all.	2	Try plugging your keyboard into another computer. If it still doesn't work, it might be broken. Consider replacing it with a new keyboard, or, if the warranty for the keyboard is still valid, exchanging it for a new one with the manufacturer.	1	Many wireless keyboards require special drivers to work properly. Be sure that you have installed any software that came with the keyboard. If you use a wireless Bluetooth enabled device for your keyboard, see Set up a Bluetooth enabled device.
1	289	The characters I type don't match the ones that show up on the monitor.	0	Your keyboard layout might be set for a different language than the one you want to use. See Change your keyboard layout for instructions on changing the keyboard layout to match the language that you want to use.	1	If this doesn't fix the problem, try plugging your keyboard into another computer. If it still doesn't work, it might be broken and need to be replaced.
0	289	The characters I type don't match the ones that show up on the monitor.	1	If this doesn't fix the problem, try plugging your keyboard into another computer. If it still doesn't work, it might be broken and need to be replaced.	0	Your keyboard layout might be set for a different language than the one you want to use. See Change your keyboard layout for instructions on changing the keyboard layout to match the language that you want to use.
1	290	I added my scanner to the computer but I can't select it when I use Windows Fax and Scan or Windows Photo Gallery.	0	Make sure that you've correctly connected the scanner or multifunction printer with scanning capabilities to your computer, and that the device is powered on. If that doesn't work, you might need to update the driver so that your scanner can work with this version of Windows. For more information, see Update a driver for hardware that isn't working properly.	1	If a driver is not available or if you've updated the driver and still can't select the scanner, find out if your scanner uses TWAIN technology. TWAIN is an application programming interface (API) that is used to import images from scanners and digital cameras to your computer. Windows Photo Gallery and Windows Fax and Scan use a different technology, called the Windows Image Acquisition (WIA) API, and do not work with TWAIN scanners. If your scanner uses TWAIN technology, you might need to use the program that came with your scanner instead of using Windows Fax and Scan or Windows Photo Gallery. To find out if your scanner uses TWAIN technology, check the information that came with the scanner or contact the scanner manufacturer.
0	290	I added my scanner to the computer but I can't select it when I use Windows Fax and Scan or Windows Photo Gallery.	1	If a driver is not available or if you've updated the driver and still can't select the scanner, find out if your scanner uses TWAIN technology. TWAIN is an application programming interface (API) that is used to import images from scanners and digital cameras to your computer. Windows Photo Gallery and Windows Fax and Scan use a different technology, called the Windows Image Acquisition (WIA) API, and do not work with TWAIN scanners. If your scanner uses TWAIN technology, you might need to use the program that came with your scanner instead of using Windows Fax and Scan or Windows Photo Gallery. To find out if your scanner uses TWAIN technology, check the information that came with the scanner or contact the scanner manufacturer.	0	Make sure that you've correctly connected the scanner or multifunction printer with scanning capabilities to your computer, and that the device is powered on. If that doesn't work, you might need to update the driver so that your scanner can work with this version of Windows. For more information, see Update a driver for hardware that isn't working properly.
1	291	I tried putting more than one picture on the scanner at one time and scanning each of them to a separate file, but it doesn't work.	0	Make sure that there's enough space between the pictures before you try to scan them. For example, if you place multiple photos on a scanner, make sure that the pictures are separated from each other on all sides before you try to scan them at one time into separate files. If that doesn't work, you might need to scan each picture separately.	1	Some scanners do not support image segmentation, which is the ability to preview or scan multiple images at one time and then create separate files for each image. For more information, contact the scanner manufacturer.
0	291	I tried putting more than one picture on the scanner at one time and scanning each of them to a separate file, but it doesn't work.	1	Some scanners do not support image segmentation, which is the ability to preview or scan multiple images at one time and then create separate files for each image. For more information, contact the scanner manufacturer.	0	Make sure that there's enough space between the pictures before you try to scan them. For example, if you place multiple photos on a scanner, make sure that the pictures are separated from each other on all sides before you try to scan them at one time into separate files. If that doesn't work, you might need to scan each picture separately.
1	293	Keyboard is not functioning correctly	0	Dirt. Dust, foreign debris, or liquid spills between the keys on the keyboard can cause keys to stick or not function at all. Blowing compressed air can help remove dust and debris from between the keys. Liquid spills might be more difficult to resolve and might require replacing the keyboard.	1	Incorrect cable connections. For older PCs that use PS2 mouse and keyboard connections, make sure that the cables are connected to the correct PS2 port. If you need to switch the cables, turn off the PC before doing so, and then restart the PC to install the drivers.
0	293	Keyboard is not functioning correctly	1	Incorrect cable connections. For older PCs that use PS2 mouse and keyboard connections, make sure that the cables are connected to the correct PS2 port. If you need to switch the cables, turn off the PC before doing so, and then restart the PC to install the drivers.	0	Dirt. Dust, foreign debris, or liquid spills between the keys on the keyboard can cause keys to stick or not function at all. Blowing compressed air can help remove dust and debris from between the keys. Liquid spills might be more difficult to resolve and might require replacing the keyboard.
1	293	Keyboard is not functioning correctly	0	Dirt. Dust, foreign debris, or liquid spills between the keys on the keyboard can cause keys to stick or not function at all. Blowing compressed air can help remove dust and debris from between the keys. Liquid spills might be more difficult to resolve and might require replacing the keyboard.	2	Incorrect keyboard layout settings. For more information, see: Change your keyboard layout in Windows 7 Change your keyboard layout in Windows Vista To change your keyboard layout in Windows XP, follow these steps: Click Start, and then click Control Panel. Click Date, Time, Language, and Regional Options. Click Add other languages. Click the Languages tab, and then click Details. Click the Settings tab, and then click Add. Click the Input language list, and then select your preferred language and dialect. If you want to change the standard keyboard layout, click the Keyboard layout/IME list, select a new keyboard layout, and then click OK. On the Settings tab, click the Default input language list, and select the language you'll use most often. The language you select as the default will display when you first start your PC. To add additional languages, go back to step 5, or, if you have finished adding languages, click OK.
0	293	Keyboard is not functioning correctly	2	Incorrect keyboard layout settings. For more information, see: Change your keyboard layout in Windows 7 Change your keyboard layout in Windows Vista To change your keyboard layout in Windows XP, follow these steps: Click Start, and then click Control Panel. Click Date, Time, Language, and Regional Options. Click Add other languages. Click the Languages tab, and then click Details. Click the Settings tab, and then click Add. Click the Input language list, and then select your preferred language and dialect. If you want to change the standard keyboard layout, click the Keyboard layout/IME list, select a new keyboard layout, and then click OK. On the Settings tab, click the Default input language list, and select the language you'll use most often. The language you select as the default will display when you first start your PC. To add additional languages, go back to step 5, or, if you have finished adding languages, click OK.	0	Dirt. Dust, foreign debris, or liquid spills between the keys on the keyboard can cause keys to stick or not function at all. Blowing compressed air can help remove dust and debris from between the keys. Liquid spills might be more difficult to resolve and might require replacing the keyboard.
1	293	Keyboard is not functioning correctly	1	Incorrect cable connections. For older PCs that use PS2 mouse and keyboard connections, make sure that the cables are connected to the correct PS2 port. If you need to switch the cables, turn off the PC before doing so, and then restart the PC to install the drivers.	2	Incorrect keyboard layout settings. For more information, see: Change your keyboard layout in Windows 7 Change your keyboard layout in Windows Vista To change your keyboard layout in Windows XP, follow these steps: Click Start, and then click Control Panel. Click Date, Time, Language, and Regional Options. Click Add other languages. Click the Languages tab, and then click Details. Click the Settings tab, and then click Add. Click the Input language list, and then select your preferred language and dialect. If you want to change the standard keyboard layout, click the Keyboard layout/IME list, select a new keyboard layout, and then click OK. On the Settings tab, click the Default input language list, and select the language you'll use most often. The language you select as the default will display when you first start your PC. To add additional languages, go back to step 5, or, if you have finished adding languages, click OK.
0	293	Keyboard is not functioning correctly	2	Incorrect keyboard layout settings. For more information, see: Change your keyboard layout in Windows 7 Change your keyboard layout in Windows Vista To change your keyboard layout in Windows XP, follow these steps: Click Start, and then click Control Panel. Click Date, Time, Language, and Regional Options. Click Add other languages. Click the Languages tab, and then click Details. Click the Settings tab, and then click Add. Click the Input language list, and then select your preferred language and dialect. If you want to change the standard keyboard layout, click the Keyboard layout/IME list, select a new keyboard layout, and then click OK. On the Settings tab, click the Default input language list, and select the language you'll use most often. The language you select as the default will display when you first start your PC. To add additional languages, go back to step 5, or, if you have finished adding languages, click OK.	1	Incorrect cable connections. For older PCs that use PS2 mouse and keyboard connections, make sure that the cables are connected to the correct PS2 port. If you need to switch the cables, turn off the PC before doing so, and then restart the PC to install the drivers.
1	294	Problems with touchpad	0	The touchpad has been enabled or disabled. The touchpad might have been mistakenly enabled or disabled. The touchpad can be enabled or disabled in several ways, including using keyboard shortcuts (key combinations on the keyboard), using Device Manager, or by using the touchpad settings in Control Panel.	1	The touchpad settings might be set incorrectly. Most touchpads have adjustable settings and these settings can make the touchpad function improperly if set incorrectly.
0	294	Problems with touchpad	1	The touchpad settings might be set incorrectly. Most touchpads have adjustable settings and these settings can make the touchpad function improperly if set incorrectly.	0	The touchpad has been enabled or disabled. The touchpad might have been mistakenly enabled or disabled. The touchpad can be enabled or disabled in several ways, including using keyboard shortcuts (key combinations on the keyboard), using Device Manager, or by using the touchpad settings in Control Panel.
1	294	Problems with touchpad	0	The touchpad has been enabled or disabled. The touchpad might have been mistakenly enabled or disabled. The touchpad can be enabled or disabled in several ways, including using keyboard shortcuts (key combinations on the keyboard), using Device Manager, or by using the touchpad settings in Control Panel.	2	The sensitivity of the touchpad is set too high. If the sensitivity is set to high on the touchpad, any slight touch can cause the cursor to randomly jump to another location of the screen. To resolve this issue, lower the sensitivity setting of the touchpad using the touchpad settings.
0	294	Problems with touchpad	2	The sensitivity of the touchpad is set too high. If the sensitivity is set to high on the touchpad, any slight touch can cause the cursor to randomly jump to another location of the screen. To resolve this issue, lower the sensitivity setting of the touchpad using the touchpad settings.	0	The touchpad has been enabled or disabled. The touchpad might have been mistakenly enabled or disabled. The touchpad can be enabled or disabled in several ways, including using keyboard shortcuts (key combinations on the keyboard), using Device Manager, or by using the touchpad settings in Control Panel.
1	294	Problems with touchpad	1	The touchpad settings might be set incorrectly. Most touchpads have adjustable settings and these settings can make the touchpad function improperly if set incorrectly.	2	The sensitivity of the touchpad is set too high. If the sensitivity is set to high on the touchpad, any slight touch can cause the cursor to randomly jump to another location of the screen. To resolve this issue, lower the sensitivity setting of the touchpad using the touchpad settings.
0	294	Problems with touchpad	2	The sensitivity of the touchpad is set too high. If the sensitivity is set to high on the touchpad, any slight touch can cause the cursor to randomly jump to another location of the screen. To resolve this issue, lower the sensitivity setting of the touchpad using the touchpad settings.	1	The touchpad settings might be set incorrectly. Most touchpads have adjustable settings and these settings can make the touchpad function improperly if set incorrectly.
1	295	Problems with mouse	0	Dirt. There might be dirt or a buildup on the bottom of the mouse around the opening for the sensor. Clean any dirt or buildup from the bottom of the mouse and from the opening for the sensor. For an older mouse that uses a mouse ball, you can unplug the mouse, turn the mouse over, and twist the bottom cover off. Remove and clean the mouse ball. If necessary, you can use compressed air to blow any lint from the inside of the mouse. Replace the mouse ball and cover. If your mouse uses a PS2 connection, you might need to restart the PC to reload the driver for the mouse.	1	Incorrect settings. You might need to adjust your mouse settings such as pointer speed, click speed, or other settings. For more information, see: Change your mouse settings in Windows 7 Change your mouse settings in Windows Vista To change your mouse settings in Windows XP, follow these steps: Click Start, click Control Panel, click Printers and Other Hardware, and then click Mouse. Click the tab for the type of setting you want to change, and then make the change.
0	295	Problems with mouse	1	Incorrect settings. You might need to adjust your mouse settings such as pointer speed, click speed, or other settings. For more information, see: Change your mouse settings in Windows 7 Change your mouse settings in Windows Vista To change your mouse settings in Windows XP, follow these steps: Click Start, click Control Panel, click Printers and Other Hardware, and then click Mouse. Click the tab for the type of setting you want to change, and then make the change.	0	Dirt. There might be dirt or a buildup on the bottom of the mouse around the opening for the sensor. Clean any dirt or buildup from the bottom of the mouse and from the opening for the sensor. For an older mouse that uses a mouse ball, you can unplug the mouse, turn the mouse over, and twist the bottom cover off. Remove and clean the mouse ball. If necessary, you can use compressed air to blow any lint from the inside of the mouse. Replace the mouse ball and cover. If your mouse uses a PS2 connection, you might need to restart the PC to reload the driver for the mouse.
1	295	Problems with mouse	0	Dirt. There might be dirt or a buildup on the bottom of the mouse around the opening for the sensor. Clean any dirt or buildup from the bottom of the mouse and from the opening for the sensor. For an older mouse that uses a mouse ball, you can unplug the mouse, turn the mouse over, and twist the bottom cover off. Remove and clean the mouse ball. If necessary, you can use compressed air to blow any lint from the inside of the mouse. Replace the mouse ball and cover. If your mouse uses a PS2 connection, you might need to restart the PC to reload the driver for the mouse.	2	Improper surface. When using a laser mouse, the surface should have enough of a pattern for the mouse sensor to detect movement. On a surface such as glass or a mirrored surface, the mouse sensor doesnt have enough of a pattern to detect movement, so the mouse won't move the cursor (or the cursor might move very erratically).
0	295	Problems with mouse	2	Improper surface. When using a laser mouse, the surface should have enough of a pattern for the mouse sensor to detect movement. On a surface such as glass or a mirrored surface, the mouse sensor doesnt have enough of a pattern to detect movement, so the mouse won't move the cursor (or the cursor might move very erratically).	0	Dirt. There might be dirt or a buildup on the bottom of the mouse around the opening for the sensor. Clean any dirt or buildup from the bottom of the mouse and from the opening for the sensor. For an older mouse that uses a mouse ball, you can unplug the mouse, turn the mouse over, and twist the bottom cover off. Remove and clean the mouse ball. If necessary, you can use compressed air to blow any lint from the inside of the mouse. Replace the mouse ball and cover. If your mouse uses a PS2 connection, you might need to restart the PC to reload the driver for the mouse.
1	295	Problems with mouse	1	Incorrect settings. You might need to adjust your mouse settings such as pointer speed, click speed, or other settings. For more information, see: Change your mouse settings in Windows 7 Change your mouse settings in Windows Vista To change your mouse settings in Windows XP, follow these steps: Click Start, click Control Panel, click Printers and Other Hardware, and then click Mouse. Click the tab for the type of setting you want to change, and then make the change.	2	Improper surface. When using a laser mouse, the surface should have enough of a pattern for the mouse sensor to detect movement. On a surface such as glass or a mirrored surface, the mouse sensor doesnt have enough of a pattern to detect movement, so the mouse won't move the cursor (or the cursor might move very erratically).
0	295	Problems with mouse	2	Improper surface. When using a laser mouse, the surface should have enough of a pattern for the mouse sensor to detect movement. On a surface such as glass or a mirrored surface, the mouse sensor doesnt have enough of a pattern to detect movement, so the mouse won't move the cursor (or the cursor might move very erratically).	1	Incorrect settings. You might need to adjust your mouse settings such as pointer speed, click speed, or other settings. For more information, see: Change your mouse settings in Windows 7 Change your mouse settings in Windows Vista To change your mouse settings in Windows XP, follow these steps: Click Start, click Control Panel, click Printers and Other Hardware, and then click Mouse. Click the tab for the type of setting you want to change, and then make the change.